R. It actually tickled a bit.

I. How would you describe such a concrete maybe, what, that is, what you have been feeling right now?

R. So I also think… It also felt like a stream of air, but then jerked from the bottom of the hand and then jerked until about the middle of the fingers. But it feels like an air stream, and it started to spring, about when it hits the fingers in front of the palm, yes. So it's so very concrete, then I would say, air. It did not feel vibrating or pulsating, so it was a constant, and it was more powerful than the second, so it was a very clear feeling that it was moving, and then it was a bit like one, I do not know, a wall that kind of moves so that the airflow was very clear, very specific, very flat, and then moving upwards. Or down, it's so. So that was how concrete I felt. But I do not quite know what I associate it with. It's a little hard to just put into words, I think. Yes.

I. What is it that makes it difficult to put into words?

R. That, among other things, I have not really felt it before in something specific, so the first thing that popped up in my head, it's things from sci - fi movies, you know where you get scanned by a laser or infrared something, you just know that red line that kind of runs up you. And that was what I was thinking. So maybe, well, in general, what you associate with, it's like in a movie where you put your hand on something and it just scans your fingerprints, and then that's it. So that's what I was thinking. And it's not something you've tried before, so I've seen it in movies, and that's what made me think of it, but I've not tried anything like it in reality, and that's what made it hard to put into words. I can not really say "hey, that's what makes me think", apart from this slightly airy sci - fi universe. So that, yes, it makes it a little hard to put into words for, I think.

I. Did you also use this scanning analogy when you had to describe it to someone who had not tried it before?

R. Depending on who it is, then yes. People I know who would know what I meant, there I would use that analogy because there would… So, I think I think it's the most descriptive. To my mother, who at least did not want to know what it was, I would probably describe it as one, that is, a stream of air that just as well moved up your hand. But I just do not think it is as descriptive. I feel that the scanning analogy is actually the one that hits best because it is a very specific place that kind of moves. It is not bigger, that is, my hand is too wide for it to be the width it is breathing on, or not breathing, but that I can feel the vibrations. So that's why I would say the scan is so very appropriate.

I. Yes. Cool. This scanning thing you said was the first thing that came to your mind. So, was it like that when you first felt it, or did it come a little later during…?

R. No, it came pretty much right away, actually. Not decidedly, it was only here when we talked about it that I came to think of a hand being placed on a plate and it scans, but the first thing I thought of was just being scanned. That is, that you see it that way, yes. I just have that picture of such a red line that kind of runs up and down to see who you are, and then that's it. So that's what I'd been thinking about almost immediately.

I. It makes sense in my head, at least.

R. Yes, I think so. But at least that was what I thought, and then it tickled. The others do not have the source. It actually tickled.

I. And I think you said at the beginning that it tickled most on the fingers, compared to?

R. From here and up. The palm does not, but like straight, I think it is when it, it was special when it hits the pieces between the fingers, that then that was where it started to spring. I do not quite know why, but it may have something to do with the height is a little different, after all. So that was, yes, that was where it hit. For it did not on the palm. So on the palm there was nothing, it was just this that feels a bit like a light touch. Yes.

I. Fat. Is there anything else you think needs to be mentioned.

R. No, I do not think so. Not around this one.

I. Super. Shall we, we just have one last one we can try?

R. Yes. I would like to.

I. Yes.
