I. Cool.

R. So, that's a special feeling, right ? It's a bit like being blown away, somehow, even if it is not [indistinct word, 00: 46/47] . I think it was… Well, that was good feedback. You could clearly feel that something was happening, yes. If it makes sense?

I. Yes, for sure. You say "good feedback", what is it that makes it good?

R. Well, that you can clearly feel what is happening, because it… So, when I think of this type of stimuli, it is also that typically you think "okay, but I can not feel it" , and then you do not get any feedback, but here you can very clearly feel it, so you are in no doubt that you get some kind of feedback on something. In this case, it is not something I have done, but it would be a good feedback on something that had been done. Such an indication, yes. So that's what I mean by 'good', also because you can clearly feel it. It's not vague. It's not like it's just a little bit. You have no doubt that something is happening.

I. If you were to describe this stimulus, how would you look, what words would you put on it?

R. Vibrating

I. Vibrating?

R. Yes. I would probably say that. Vibrating can also be used, but vibrating is probably more actual, that's how it felt. So like, yes, comfortable too.

I. And if you… So, if you try to relate it to something you've experienced before, is there anything that comes to mind?

R. A milder version of when my phone vibrates in my hand. But a milder version of it, I think. It's like that… Yes, so you get the same feedback, and the feedback itself is just as powerful, but the feeling on the hand is milder, and I really like that. I think it's very nice that it's not quite as disruptive in feeling, yes.

I. What do you think is it that makes you associate this stimulus with a vibration from your mobile, for example?

R. Well, it was there that it came like that in steps. It was a slightly vibrating stimulus, if you can call it that, so it ran, and then it got just milder, and then it ran again at a higher level, or something, or it did it a three times before it stopped. And that's what makes me think, or that makes me connect it with it, it's the one with you having some small breaks now and then, where if it was constant, I would not connect it with a telephone. Well, yes, I do not quite know what I would connect it with, but just the one with it, it's like a phone that also vibrates strongly and so little not, a break, and then again. So it's the same… For me it's the same association.

I. It makes sense, yes. If you were to describe this stimulus to someone who has not tried this technology before, how would you describe it?

R. Such as… a light, almost tickling sensation on the skin surface, is probably how I would describe it. And at the same time also a bit as if you are being breathed on. So a mild version of those hand blowers that are in the bathrooms, right ? Such a mild version of it, it's that feeling of being blown away, even though you do not. It's just, it's that way it moves the skin that it reacts with the skin, it's a bit the same as if you were being blown away. It's a little tickling, yes.

I. That sounds just fine. Now you felt it like that three times in a row. Is there… So, when did you start thinking like that, that it was vibrating, for example, or pulsating, like you said?

R. Immediately.

I. Right away, okay.

R. It was in the first stimulus. Or in such the first time it drove through, yes. Because that, that was what I connected it with right away. It is just pulsating / vibrating.

I. Was that also where you came up with the mobile phone, or was it only later, like that connection arose?

R. I think it was right away? But it's mostly because it's the only thing… So it's something you're used to, you've been used to for many years now, so it's the first thing that pops up in your head when it's , I'm thinking of something that gives a similar feedback, so it popped up pretty much right away too, I would say.

I. Cool. Are there any other things you think about this stimulus?

R. Not straight on standing foot.

I. It's super.

R. I'll try to see if I can think of anything more later.

I. That's fine. I'm thinking, so if you have nothing more to say, should we not try another stimulus?

R. Yes, let's do it.

I. And just see what comes…
