R. Yes, it may well be. I also just thought, I just had to wait and see, because it could well be, that was the point. But yes, the second time I could at least feel it. Well, it was very localized, I think. I would still describe it as pulsating at least. Probably not vibrating, but at least pulsating in the way it came with the feedback. I do not quite know what to associate it with, again, it was very, very localized, and it is not, nor something I have tried before. So I do not have anything concrete at least to connect it with, and I… It did not just start any thoughts about something I have seen either, or something… So I think it is difficult to place in anywhere if one should associate it with something one knows at least. It would of course be obvious for something completely new, but yes, because there were not exactly any concrete associations I could make.

I. Why do you think this stimulus is, that is, that you can not connect anything with it? You say you can not relate it to anything, but why is it you think you can not relate it?

R. I think it's because it's so local. So that was what roughly corresponds to the thickness, width, of a finger, around like that, a little at the top of my hand, and I… If it was the whole hand, then I would connect it with something that vibrates. But because it's such a very local place that has no more than maybe those two inches in diameter, well then I would not quite know what I should connect it as [indistinct, 30:10] . At least not when it's in the middle of my hand. Then it had to be because it was somewhere else. So, if you press something and it vibrates, it would make sense, but when it's so local in the middle of the hand, I can not see what I should, that is, use it for with / something [? , indistinct, 30:26] I can not imagine getting feedback so locally. So, that's what makes it hard for me to connect it with anything at all, because it's for… the location is somehow off in relation to what I would use my hand for, so that's enough much the, really, it lies in. Where the others there I can well see myself get feedback from something that way, but here… so, I would, to be able to get feedback there, then I would definitely should either have a flat hand on something, or one should hold around maybe a handle or something. And I can not really see otherwise how to get the feedback, I think that's what makes it hard for me to connect it with something, because I can not see, I can not imagine what I should do to get feedback right in that location when it's such a small area. Yes.

I. Cool. So it's a little hard to relate, to find something that makes sense, somehow?

R. Yes, I think so. I can not really relate it to something I know or something one has seen. Nor sci - fi- like or anything like that. I can not, I simply can not get put a finger on what it is, I think it should remind, if it is. So it was a very pleasant feeling, it was, well, again, it was clear that I was getting some kind of feedback, just not… There was enough power to make me feel like I was getting a response to something, i just can not see what. I simply can not imagine what it should be.

I. Now you say it's hard to describe somehow, but now I'm asking you to do it anyway. How would you describe it to someone who has not felt what you just felt?

R. Someone who pokes my hand. I think so, yes. There are some who just kind of prick me in the hand. That's probably how I would describe it. So a little pulsating in the dots, but basically just that you sit like that for a while in your hand, it's a little like I would describe it. And again, these would mean that you have to spend for these processes. So that's why it's so local. That's what makes me think, well then it's dot, rather than if it was the whole surface, then I would say it was something that vibrated. But when it's so local, it's what I associate it with.

I. It's super.

R. Yes, that's how I would describe it.

I. Yes, this one tingling in the hand, like . But it is some others who are teasing, and not yourself, teasing yourself?

R. Yes. Yes. I do not quite know why, but yes, it is not myself who pokes my hand. That's not how it feels. It feels different when other people do it. So it's a bit like it's another person or thing, or something. Well, I think what makes it hard for me to see in any context, it's like I said, of course, I have a bit of a hard time seeing how I should be able to use it, but it's very much the there with that I feel if I then have to have my hand on something and then get feedback here I would think there was something wrong. I somehow would not associate it with doing something right, at least. It would not be a positive feedback where the others can easily be, I think. But this one I would definitely define as something I thought was wrong.

I. So now you say "not positive", so more in relation to that there is something wrong, than that it is bad in some way?

R. Yes, so the previous one that… yes, either the last or the second last, I can not just remember what it was for one of them, I was like "okay, it's something to be done differently". It was neither negative nor positive. Where this one there I would say it's some kind of negative feedback. Either that I am doing something decidedly wrong, or that I need to be aware of something that is not right. So it will be like this… I would not associate it with a positive feedback, at least. If it's clear enough?

I. Yes, for sure. Cool. Is there anything else you think needs to be said for this one?

R. No, I do not think so.

I. And if we then take a small step back and just look at the whole bundle you have now tried. Is there anything that comes to mind there? Something you did not get to say, or something that [indistinct, 35:10]

R. Not to the specific in that way, but I think as a whole I can well see how they can be used. Except for the last one, I have a hard time with it. But all the others, so I can well see how you can use it as feedback, and I actually think the feedback is concrete enough that you would be able to use it. So you would not stand and think "what does that mean?" I do not think you get that feeling, and I also only think it was number two, that I thought it was so easy that you could be in doubt whether you got a feedback or not. Even there it would be positive, because that is at least what I associated it with, but it was perhaps a little too easy compared to at least people who could have problems with their feelings in the hands, so for possibly older people it might be a bit problematic, but otherwise I think it has been a lot, you get concrete feedback, and it is very clear that you get a feedback. At least I thought so. And I think for many, they will feel as if they are being blown on, more than that it is actually ultrasound waves. Yes. It's at least the closest sensation I can compare it to. I do not think I something like that otherwise [overlap, 36:37] I had just thought about.

I. It's super. But then I will stop this and try to turn off the microphone and see if we can make it…

R. I hope it will be useful.
