R. It feels much more as if you are just being breathed on. So it is milder. It's just somehow not as powerful as the other, I think. Yes. And I think I associate it the most with you being breathed like that, actually. That's just what I think when I'm feeling it. It's not like that, there's nothing in my contemporary life where I think 'hey, it's the same as this feeling'.

I. If you put some words on how it is like that, now you say many abstract words,

R. Yes, sorry .

I. No, that's fine, you have to keep at it, but how do you describe it in such a concrete way? What kind of words do you want to put on it?

R. So very comfortable, I think, very calm in some way too, so it is… Have you tried to hold your hand over something that has such a fair amount of wind blowing upwards? So it's like that, it's very chill when you just sit and run your hand like that back and forth, and it's the same feeling a little bit, I get that you feel like just sitting and getting a gentle massage almost, if you can say it like that, by the palm of your hand. It is very mild, pleasant. It does not source properly, but it is such a mild stimulus. So, it's even milder than if you run your fingers just as quietly over it. Very quiet and comfortable, I would say. It's a little hard to make concrete, I think, but that's what kind of windy feeling I get, even if it's not wind.

I. Now you say massage…

R. Yes.

I.… mild massage. What is it that kind of makes it massage that pops up?

R. Because it's comfortable. So, when I think of massage, I think that you are stimulated, that is, the skin and the upper layer of the muscles and such are stimulated, but that it is, it gives you what to say, such a little redemptive feeling afterwards. . That you have such an "okay, now I'm just, that part of my skin, that part of my body, it's like relaxed, is a little more calm, is like that, is not tense". So relaxed is probably really the correct word to use. And it's the same feeling I get when it's run like that, or where it's hit my hand, and while it's hitting. Well, it's such a very pleasant light pressing feeling, where it, yes, I associate it such a bit with light massage of the gentle kind.

I. That sounds perfectly fair. And if you were to describe it to someone else who has not tried it before…?

R. Yes, I would probably describe it as such a light wind, if you can put it that way, that is, even if it is not windy, it feels a bit the same way. And that it is a mild but pleasant feeling and relaxing. So because I would feel relaxed if I just sat with my hand over it. So yeah, that's how I would describe it if I were to describe it to others.

I. That sounds nice.

R. Yes, I think it is.

I. Cool. And again, these would mean that you have to spend for these processes. Are there any other things you're thinking about this?

R. No, because I've been thinking about whether I can connect it with something you know, and I do not really think I can, so it's like that, no, I do not know when I think of that, then I think like that a bit too, if you go outside on a beach, for example, and take like that, I was going to say “mild breeze”, but it's kind of a little more than mild, if it's going to feel just as strong on hand, but yes, it's in the way that it's such a bit what one associates with it. It's a very, very calm picture I have of it.

I. Yes, so it's a little more abstract maybe than?

R. Yes, I think so. Well, I can not, it is not so concrete, because I can not say anything concrete there, that it is what I associate it with. With the other one, I could very clearly say "that feeling I can easily associate with getting a definite feedback", where here, I would have a harder time knowing what it meant if I just experienced it out in the something. So, depending on what it was. I would have a hard time knowing what I was going to understand it as. I would think it was mega comfortable , but have a hard time saying " orv , this is specifically what it reminds me of", if you have to try to create associations with something you know. Yes, so it's very abstract to me.

I. That sounds perfectly fair. Cool. If there is no more you think needs to be added, then…

R. Shall we take number three?

I. Yes, should we not try it?

R. Jo.
