I. What do you think?

R. Yes, that's it. It is also vibrating or pulsating, in that it runs, small pause, runs, small pause, but the second, the first, it was like one particular place, more or less, it ran, or at least the same place [indistinct, 13:04] , where that here, it was as if it was moving, so it was different places on hand. And that… I do not connect it with a phone. Well, it's a vibration, no doubt, but it's not the same way. Well, I think here, who would it, yes… So, it's a bit of that, I think it might be relevant to use it in a situation where you can, for example, if you have to put your hand, so then it can indicate, well “where is there enough pressure, where is there not enough pressure, what do you hit where it should?”, so that is how it was very focused on different places where it moved around. And I can see that it can be useful. So it's in a different way, but more future-relevant, I think, than the first one was where the first one was, so it was definitely just the phone I was thinking. So here, I am definitely thinking surfaces where one should have the right feedback somehow whether you are doing something right or wrong. So it's a slightly different association, even though it's still vibrating / pulsating.

I. Now you say a surface that says whether it is right or wrong. Would this, then, this stimulus then indicate that it was wrong? Or would it be right, or?

R. Not necessarily wrong, but that… so I think, well, somehow I would feel that if I did, that is, because it moved from different places on my hand, then I would think that where it vibrated, the piece, it vibrated that it could be, it was not right. Or that it was right. But then that you get such a clear feedback that there is probably actually something that is not quite as it should be. And it's only based on the fact that it vibrates in different places on the hand, rather than it being like the same place. At least that's how I imagine it in my head. Also because there is, now I say "flat", but of course, you do not touch anything directly, in theory, but that, it would be, I think it a bit, as if you have a touch screen , and so that you should put your hand there, and you do not put it completely where it is, your hand should, then it just indicates "hey, there is something here that is not quite as it should be, you just have to move a little" . That's how I associate it with.

I. Yeah, so it's more like an "ah, something's going on here that needs to be different,” maybe?

R. Yes, different, viz. It's not necessarily bad or bad, as long as it's not quite the way it was intended to be, at least. So you get feedback on "well, you just have to change something". That's what I associate it with, at least. And that's how it is, that is, the fact that it moves around also means that, of course, it vibrated more than three times. Where the first one, it vibrated three times, and it is also typical with the phone, then it is that it runs there three times, then a little pause, and then it does it again. So it's one of the reasons why I also associated it with it, where I did not with it here, because it's just in a different way, it vibrates, it's in a different way, it feels, this feedback, I feel I get, so I can not, there is nothing where I think like "hey, this is what I have experienced in our daily lives", but I can see where I think it can be useful , like that going forward, and it is, but it's the one with that, that there's something that should be different, it's kind of what I connect it with. And I think the sensation was stronger than the middle one, so it was very clear that it was a feedback, where the middle one was me, so like I said, I would have a little hard time knowing what it was, I had to understand when it was, it happened. This one, I do not feel, one is in doubt, so you get a very clear feedback, but I associate it with the fact that there is something to be done differently, yes.

I. And again, now you felt it three times in a row, right?

R. Mmm .

I. When is it that you start thinking about this flat or this with it having to be done differently?

R. I first think it was the third time properly. So, the first time, I just had to figure out where it was, it hit, how does it feel. The second time it started to set some thoughts in motion, of course, but without being able to quite put a finger on it, so the third time I then got to concretize my thoughts around it. Well, already the first time I could of course feel that it was more powerful, so I did not think about the phone. I definitely thought "non-phone". So there were some things you could cross off from the start, but it was first concretized into this with the surface and something that had to be done differently, eventually. So it took some time of course, but it was mostly just to get my thoughts together, because there is not one concrete thing I can say "hey, it's like this".

I. Yeah, okay, so it's because it's a little different than things you've tried before, so you kind of just have to think about what's going on?

R. Namely. It's not because it's vague, it's not because I had a hard time, in the end, figuring out what it was, I thought it felt like, it was just about getting rid of all the things you know, and then say "okay, what do I imagine it could be?" or "what do I associate with it?" And that's exactly what it's about something that needs to be done differently, yes. And I think if I were to describe it to others, then I would say that it was such a clear vibration, which indicated that there was something that was not, that is, something that had to be done differently, enough. I would probably also describe it that way, precisely because it is placed in a certain place on your hand, so for me it's just the best way to describe it, really, so that's what I would associate it with, and that's what I would probably describe to others as well. But I would at least describe it as vibration and… So again, it is not, it felt comfortable enough, there is nothing that is uncomfortable, it is not as comfortable as the first, but it is still a clear feedback, as, yes. It shakes the skin like that, and you want to say that it springs, but it's not because it springs, but it's the way it is that it sparkles . Yes. Tinkling sensation. Sometimes I miss Danish words.

I. That's fine.

R. That's how I would describe it, at least, such a tinkling sensation placed in a specific place on the hand that it would then, if they were to try the exact same thing, then I would say that such a moved around.

I. So it's more, or you would more describe the meaning that you think this stimulus will try to draw attention to… (loud noise outside)

(loud noise outside)

R. Yes, it suddenly makes a lot of noise outside…

I. Than like that itself, okay, how is it a stimulus that runs around like that a little bit on the hand a little weird somehow?

R. Yes. And that's because, that's what I associate it with, where with the middle I would much more focus on the feeling, because I would not, it's the easiest way to describe it, where that here, where I feel, man can be a little more concrete, and then I will typically be. If I can be concrete, I will be too, but it's not always that easy.

I. Well that's just fine. It sounds really good. Is there anything else you think needs to be said?

(again loud noise outside)

R. I can just think in the meantime.

(the noise subsides a bit)

R. Not specifically for it, no. There I will say no.

I. Well, but now that there are no other things, should we not try one more?

R. Jo.

I. You just need to wear the headphones.

R. When yes, I was just distracted by that noisy plane. I do not know exactly why they are there.

I. They should probably train something.
