I. Cool. So if you take the headphones off, perfect. So what? What do you think?

R. Well, you feel such a stimulus that starts down at the root of the hand, and then it moves like that up over the hand and over the fingers, so that it starts like further inside the arm, or on the hand, and then it moves outwards in such a fluid motion. Then it stops outside the end of the hand, and then it starts again inside the bottom. One has the feeling that it is such a bit, so it is almost such a line that is run across the hand. It is such a very local stimulus all over the hand, but one can say, yes, across the hand. So it… so it feels a bit like you would be able to get the same feeling if you had a very thin such jet of air, you could move over something, it is such the same type of movement, I think.

I. Is it because you've experienced an air jet before, or is it because you think it could be the same?

R. No, but it's such a little, I think a little of such, what is it called, such as either modern hand dryer, ik '? Where do you get such an airblade, right? Where it almost, yes, where it breathes in such a completely flat, thin line across the hand. Yes. Where you stand and move your hands up and down in the same way. I think that's the feeling I'm thinking of, if I were to come up with the most concrete thing that is so comparable to that there.

I. Okay, yes.

R. Maybe not quite as hard here as if one imagined it would blow water off the hand. Yes. I think it has such a little, one might say, besides such a local feeling, then one has such a tingling sensation in general, when, in, in the hand, when one holds the hand in over.

I. If you were to describe it to some others who had not tried this feeling before. So what would you say to them?

R. Well… So it fits very well with that I would say that it feels a bit like such a slightly slack airblade, ik 'as you stand and run your hand up and down through where you just keep your hand still instead of , Yes. And then at the same time this little thing like that, yes, this little tingling sensation that I do not think I have experienced, that is, anywhere else right, there is no such concrete reference that one has experienced in the same, yes… So I'll probably describe it a bit like that… yes, it's a bit weird, isn't it? Simultaneously. You are, that is, just that feeling of holding your hand still somewhere, and then there is some emotion moving around on your hand.

I. So it's a bit abstract somehow still?

R. Yes. But it probably fits very well still, if one like, if you told me I should close my eyes and I should not sit in some special way, then it would be this feeling of such a, yes, the here much talked about airblade hand dryer which would be something I would try to guess.

I. Yes. And if you now think back on, well, now you felt the stimulus three times in a row, and if you try to think back on the first time you felt it versus the last time. When, then, does this image of the hand dryer appear? Is it at the beginning or is it more at the end of it? So, how does the sensation or feeling of this stimulus develop?

R. Well, I think it's coming really fast. Like, it's this one, like, the clutch I'm making, it may well come already the first time it runs through. I'm a little, I'm not quite sure if I somehow felt higher intensity the subsequent times, but it's because I'm a little in doubt, just that you kind of get more focus on, or become more focused on how, what happens on one’s hand, whether it matters to my experience of the intensity of the feeling. It could be. But one can say it was one, one can say, I felt no such, it was a very such, it was very completely the same like movement that came over the hand, there was no difference. [Unclear, 07: 07-07: 09]

I. Cool. Are there any other things you think need to be mentioned in relation to this stimulus?

R. (pause for thought) No.

I. Okay. It's completely fine. Shall we try a new one?

R. Yes.
