R. Yes. It was such a rotating stimulus that drove like that, what can you say, it ran like that a little over the palm of your hand, and at one point it came in like that again a little higher up. Yes, so it ran like out, like that between index finger and thumb, and then it came in again like up on the index finger and ran in such circles. It drove around pretty fast. And… I still think one has this little feeling that there is some breath associated with it, somehow. But it was such a fairly light stimulus, I would say, well like that, it was not as well, it did not seem as concentrated, but it could also be, it's just because it went, well, it was faster, so there was more movement in this stimulus. But yes, one had like a feeling that it ran some laps where it just "huit, huit, huit" [mimicking the movement with a sound, 18:39] .

I. Is there anything less about it?

R. I think… it could be something if now man, where one stands like that and runs the palm around on someone so hard and a little like that, not so very sharp, but pointed flat. I imagine a little so much, so if now you had almost such a, yes, almost just, I imagine a little such a gear lever, where you just run the palm over the top - such a little pointed one of a kind. But then I could too, then I also imagined something like where you could stand, let's say, with a key in your hand and just like that, it ran around a bit in the palm of your hand , then you would also, that is, where you like such a little rotating , it could also be something like that, where if you stood and were such a little restless and somehow stood and made something with your hands, whatever you do.

I. Is the key also pointed like the gear lever?

R. Yes, you do not have the feeling, that is, you do not have the feeling that it is something like that, yes, you do not have the feeling that it is something sharp, you do not have it. So that way you can say that the key is… so it would at least have to be with a very loose hand. Well, it is not such a tearing sensation. It is one, it is… but one has the feeling that it is like a very concentrated touch. That's why I thought of the key, I think, yes.

I. Is this also the image, ie with the key or gear lever, that you would use when describing it to someone else, or?

R. Yeah, I think so, the easiest way to explain it, it would be something like that with, well, if you were just standing and running something around in your own palm, kind of, yeah. Like, for example, yes, such a… stood and ran a key around with such a light hand, perhaps, in your own palm.

I. Is there anything else you think about this stimulus?

R. Yes, now I just come to mind, it could also be, for example, if now you were sitting with a pen, like, it is not quite as sharp as a key, so it would probably in fact be more accurate . Yes. But still, one might say, with such an edge. Not with anything flat. So saw such the edge of a ballpoint pen. It's just because, it's not quite, the plastic it just makes a difference, it gives a slightly better picture, yes. (It can be heard that the respondent is sitting with a pen in his hand.)

I. It was the perfect pen.

R. Yes, that's it.

I. And how is it, when do you start thinking that it's sharp when you kind of feel it? Is it from the beginning, that is, from the first time, that you feel the stimulus, or is it?

R. It's probably like that a second time. It's like the first time there you were a little more, I was a little more surprised by this stimulus than by the previous two, and I think it's because it kind of goes a little faster, so you have a little harder to just perceive exactly what it is that is happening out of hand, somehow.

I. Yes.

R. Probably partly because, that is, that they are just not connected to anything visual, I think.

I. Okay, cool. But if nothing else?

R. No, you can say, this is the first time you have had a clear feeling that it is something that just runs over the edge and then runs in again right away in the same place. So that's how it has been, compared to the first one, which kind of ran across the hand and then kind of stopped and then started again down at the bottom of the hand, so you can say it has been a more such a feeling of such a continuous movement in some way. And where you have the feeling that it's like, it's something that continues, so it's a movement that runs over your hand, then it runs over your hand, and then it runs over your hand again in the same like circle.

I. Yes. Super. Shall we try another?

R. Yes, I think so.
