R. Well it was such a pulsating stimulus. You still have such a feeling that some air is being blown around the hand in connection with it pulsating like that. You also have the feeling that it's a little more like this tingling sensation, but that it's like that, that even in those pulses there is like such a vibration, almost, in the stimulus or what you feel. Then it becomes the same place, it is like that in the middle, yes not like that completely, but like that about in the middle of the hand, like that around. But well, you could say it's very much like that, so it does not move. It's the same place it hits. And I could not feel any difference between each round.

I. Is there a picture or a feeling or something you have experienced before that reminds you of this?

R. So to start with, I thought a bit about something like that, whether you like, that is, if you like standing and like that, the hand moved quickly up and down and like pressed down on top of something. I think if you examine that feeling further like that, then it's like there is something that does not fit together, because then the feeling of this air around the hand, it must then come, before what is it called, the where the point stimulus comes, where the air has to stop, and then when you move the hand back up and remove the stimulus again, some air should come again. You have, of course, but that's not how it feels. It feels as if when it presses on the point, the air comes too. But it was just such a spontaneous thing you could think of, that is, if you stood and like that, yes.

I. And almost pumped by hand?

R. Yes. But then like was down like that and hit something, not so hard, but just like that you, yes…

I. That you just have time to touch it?

R. Yes, that you just have time to touch it and then move your hand up again, yes.

I. To the last one you said it was sharp but not sharp. Would you also say that this one was pointed, or was it maybe a little softer or something?

R. I would say it was immediately softer and like a little bigger. I felt that it was, that is, that the area that was being pressed was larger, I think. Where you can say the first ones, the ones that have been like that, almost like that, some planes that have moved around either that circle or the very first one that you have felt, it has been very concentrated in the flat. And then there has been a time with the other, like point-feeling, where I think anyway, I think it was probably a little more concentrated. But I do not think it feels sharp here either. It does not feel really hard either. And it's a bit like the other point feeling, this with the feeling that if it's something you hit, it's either just just going down and touching, or also it's something that can kind of give in a little when you press it, ik '. So that it's not that much, it's not a piece of metal you strike on.

I. No, it's more that rubber ball…

R. Yes.

I. If you were to describe it to someone else again, how, or what words would you put on it?

R. But it will be a lot, so… I have a bit of the feeling that when I explain it to you here, I speak myself into a way of understanding it, and then I have already been given the answer to how I would try to explain it to someone else if i were to explain it to someone other than you. So, so yeah, something like moving your hand fast and then moving it down where you just hit one, so such a small area, but not so hard, but just straight down and hitting it, a point. Yes, that's probably the best I can think of, I think.

I. That's perfectly fair. Are there any other things you think of when you think back on the stimulus?

R. No, so only this, as I also said, this with that it like that in the stimulus itself, you still have such a feeling of such light vibration, so it may not be quite the easiest to start with, but otherwise it may not have been fully expressed perhaps. There will also be some very well-set examples, ik ', but where you might hit something that is on top of a washing machine that is spinning, ik'. So it just shakes a little bit, so you can just feel it when you hit it. But that's probably not the most dominant feeling either. So I guess that's why it's slipped out of our conversation.

I. Yes.

R. Yes.

I. So yes, it is very light and not so…

R. No, it's not very intense, it's just the kind where it's again… because you've in doubt whether it's because you kind of really sit and feel that you really feel it. Yes.

I. Cool. But if there is no more, then can we try the last one?

R. Yes.
