I. What do you think?

R. May you only try once?

I. Yes. Or they are here three times in a row.

R. Yes, okay. Well then, it's such a one, in the middle of the hand, such a one, it's going to be the same place, the stimulus, and the… I still think one has this little feeling that such that it could be someone or something that breathed, maybe a little too concentrated this feeling that it is, but you have a feeling that there is a little area around the center of the stimulus, where you have a feeling that there is like some movement in the air, such a little breath-like. But otherwise it was such a, what can one say, a soft stimulus, one might well call it. So like, it was not very easy, nor was it very hard. I think I think last, the previous one, it was more intense in what can be said, in the stimulus. I think again, I have a bit of a hard time dominating, or identifying like that, if the intensity changes that much. If I had to make a bid this time, I would say it got lower, but I find that a little difficult to assess.

I. So, when does it get lower, is it from the first time you feel it?

R. Yes, so the third time should have been weaker than the first. Then you have the feeling that it, that is, even if you move the hand, it becomes as if it moves with it. You can find out. That is of course very good.

I. Is there anything you think it reminds you of? Have you tried this, being stimulated that way before?

R. I think I think it's hard. Not in the same way that I had a reference before. I think this feeling, it's more… It's because it's the combination of having this feeling that there's some breathing around, and then somehow something more solid inside the middle , but which is not really hard. So if I were to compare it with, for example, if you put something on, of metal for example, into the same point, then you would clearly feel that it was a harder object you were working on. And at the same time is it not like that… it is not either because you have a feeling that the stimulus, that it is something you would be able to press flat, I think. It's just like such a soft, yes a soft such touch somehow, one so combined with that there, like a little such air ring one has around, so I do not think I have such a good reference to, what could just as well be felt in the same way. But if I had to come up with something, it would be something like that, that is, such light pressure in such a concentrated area of something that is not so very hard. So maybe such a little rubbery? Yeah Al that sounds pretty crap to me, Looks like BT aint for me either, Looks like BT aint for me either, Looks like BT aint for me either. Yes.

I. And if now you were to describe it to some others who have not tried it before?

R. Well, then it becomes something like that that you have to press something like that. If you now had such a vacuum cleaner with such a small soft nap at the end, ik ', of the tube, then you have such an idea that you could press it a little into your hand, at the same time as some air was sucked like that. in right around where the pressure was. Yes.

I. It sounds like a funky vacuum cleaner.

R. Yes, but it is. I do not like, there is not like that someone, I think it is harder to come up with such a clear, so… Because, so you can say, without this feeling of air moving, then you would, so I just wanted to say it was such an easy but such an exact stimulus somewhere, as if someone was touching you like that and pressing in there, that place on hand. Yes.

I. It makes sense in my head.

R. Yes.

I. Yes, so…

R. And yes… so what I think I say is that you can maybe somehow differentiate the feeling, depending on whether you really think and feel in such an area around, or if you are just pay attention to such a dominant stimulus, which is this feeling that there is someone who is such a dot in such a precise area on you. So it could be that you had, well, put your hand on top of something that just stuck up right there, right? But something soft, yes. I do not know if I can come up with, I probably can not come up with any more precise example of what it could be.

I. You do not need that either, that's perfectly fair. Are there any other things you would like to get rid of in relation to this stimulus?

R. So just spontaneously, I did this time less, relative to the first time, so I noticed less of such a tingling sensation, I think. But it can also be just because you get used to it, I'm not quite sure. But it could well be.

I. Cool. If there is nothing else like it, then we can try to see if we can get one more.

R. Yes. I do not know if it's still on this one?

I. That should be it.

R. Okay.

