R. You feel, it's such a person, it moves around a lot, this stimulus. It comes around on pretty much the whole hand. Same pattern between each round 	. Well, you have such an idea that it's like that, you have such an idea that it can be, well, if now you… It's a bit like some bubbles hitting one, maybe. I imagine most, as you know, if you only had your hand down in some jacuzzi like that, or something like that, some kind of stimulus like that comes moving around with some bubbles or some vortices. You still have that feeling of this air that somehow flows around the hand, but it becomes like that, so it does not feel like a soap bubble, well, well, well, there is more. It feels stronger than that. And also this one, so you almost feel like there is something that smokes up and such, and then it also vibrates a little for a little while after it has such, you can maybe almost say a bubble that almost jumps on the hand , and then it tingles a little afterwards, and then it moves on. But then again, it goes fast. So you only just reach "vvvvv"… Yes.

I. So, the jacuzzi you're talking about, and stick your hand into it. Why are you thinking about it? So, is it the movements of what it does, like "uh, it's like a bubble that somehow jumps on the hand", right?

R. I think most of all, it's this with it moving around like that. That it's like you have the feeling that there's like a stimulus in that area, and then it ends. It does not just move. It ends, and then a new one comes somewhere else. So it's not like an object you run around on your hand, or, because then you would somehow be able to feel it all the time. So I think that's why I think it's like… that the hand kind of has to be some kind of medium where it's something new that hits it all the time, and then I just think it is what becomes the closest such reference to what is it that can be felt that way, I think. Yes.

I. Is it also something you think you would use as a description if you were to say it to someone else?

R. Yes, then I think such the simple description, it would be such a bit like if you put your hand over such an air bubble tube for a spa bath or a jacuzzi, yes. You can say, of course, it is not such a perfect match, so you do not have the feeling that your hand is being pushed upwards as you would, you have an idea of that, you would probably have, if there were some air bubbles trying to push themselves past . So there is somehow not as much, so you only feel it in the skin of the hand. You do not notice that there is such a force that pushes to the hand. And you would probably have expected that if you stuck your hand in such a lot of air bubbles in some water. Yes. But I think that would be the closest description I would be able to come up with.

I. Cool. Is there anything else you think should be included in the recording?

R. No, you can say, the only thing, that is, the one other, I have tried such a one here, there was also something with some bubbles, as far as I remember. That's maybe the only thought I can have about why I like, if I had to, so it's somehow, well then it should be because there was already an idea planted in my head that this thing , it can make that kind of stimulus, and therefore my thoughts are directed to it somehow. But I think now, I do not know, I do not think it feels like air bubbles.

I. No, exactly.

R. It feels more like something down in water, and I do not remember it as if it were the same.

I. So the difference to that experience is maybe that it was not that powerful?

R. Yes, of course. There was just as well, there was also this with that it was not just such a "cloth". This time. It was like you had the feeling that something was coming up, and then there was a little stimulus in that area before it suddenly moved on to a new one.

I. And would you say that, well, there was a visual element in it, the first time you kind of tried this soap bubble thing?

R. Yes, it was there.

I. Did it make any difference now in terms of figuring out what it meant you felt like?

R. So only to this one?

I. Yes.

R. It should be precisely what I kind of attribute to this time that there was something about it. Well, I do not think you use, well, like this, with like having to figure out what it is that could feel like this, of course, it requires thinking power in a completely different way than if you had something visual that could tell you what really happened, right? And I also think, man, I've talked a lot about air, ik ', that is, and that's also the visual stimulus that is, you can say in one way or another, ik', that is. Well but I think it goes very fast that like that, if there is nothing you can see that presses on you, then it has to be something that, then they must be something else. Then it is not an object. If it's something, then someone's breathing on you somehow, ik '.

I. Exactly.

R. So, so I would say, you can then well… if now you had sat with a pair of dark glasses on and did not know what kind of room you had entered, then it may well be you had less focus on it. On the other hand, I think it's a pronounced feeling that something's happening in the air around one's hand, so it's not certain it would have changed that much. But in relation to some of the descriptions I can come up with, well then I think there are a lot of them like that, the exercise that goes on, it starts with something with some air. And it could very well be that you would be better at abstracting from it if you did not have one, if someone could just as well have stood and actually pressed your hand, right?

I. Yes.

R. Yes.

I. Yes. Cool. And if you have no more for this one, then we should not just take a step back and see if you have any comments on such all the stimuli you have experienced now? Is there anything you think you should have said about these?

R. No, so I think, what I wanted, it has at least gone again, and that's what it is with this air that moves and that you feel it. And it's quite practical, you feel it as such a light cold, that is, like that… But then it becomes a breath, because it is very local, right? Well, it's not because you think you're standing in some wind, so it's like a very concentrated area, it's just the area you are stimulated in, or right around there, that you feel there is movement in the air , I '?

I. Yes.

R. Then there's this little bit of that vibrating or tingling feeling that I think is like that goes pretty much again, somehow, through, or it does, through all those stimuli, and that was also my experience, first once i tried it it was like it has this one like this, it has the effect that one can feel such a little tingle in the hand. Then you can say that such that all the stimuli you have received, they may have been concentrated to varying degrees, but somehow I will still characterize them all as concentrated to some degree. So, you have not had a feeling that you have put your hand on something, where it seems to press evenly all over.

I. So there is some focus on some parts of the hand, somehow?

R. Yes. So you can say that there is at least no such thing… there is nothing that comes close to putting your hand, the whole hand, on top of something. Yes.

I. Fat. If you do not want to say anything more, then I can try to turn it off…

R. No, so you can say if it has to be something, then when you sit here and you are not like that, you can feel that your hand, it is still like this a little sleeping feeling.

I. Is it such a thing the tingling in the hand?

R. Yes. That is, it does not vibrate or tingle in the same way as when you hold your hand over it. I think more, you have such a one, that is, sleeping, which is such a slight stinging in some way like that around, but otherwise a little just such a sleeping feeling in most of my index and middle finger, which is also where it is like , the area that has been stimulated the most.

I. Yes. Cool. I turn off the microphone, then.

