R. Yes, so, again a wave, but much slower, which roughly moved from about the beginning of the palm and looked up to about the middle of the middle and ring fingers. I think at that speed I become more aware of the vibrations again. Still I think, or I still think, what I want to compare it most with, it will still be a, yes a soft brush, maybe not as soft as before, I do not know if the degree of softness in brushes is relevant, but in at least like a soft brush that ran from the bottom of the surface and looked up, is probably what it most feels like. The one with that the vibrations like is more, what is it , it's called, noticeable, there I think, the first thing I came to think of, it was such a little trimmer, you know, that kind of stays where the back or something gets run up. Yes. And I also think that's what I want, I'll both relate it to and have to explain it to others if I were to say what it feels like it was like it was like the back of a trimmer that just became driven lightly, very lightly up. Yes.

I. You said at the beginning that it's a slow wave. What makes you say wave here?

R. I do not know either…

I. What kind of wave are you thinking of? Is it like the waves of the sea, are they sound waves?

R. I, that is, I do not really know why I say wave, but then okay yes, if it should be, so like you have a lone sea wave, that like, where that wave comes in, and then there is so not [indistinctly, 23: 19-23: 22] others subsequently, but just one. I also think it feels wider when it's moving, but there's still some noticeable , noticeable, what is it called, change in the strength of it like that compared to what I perceive as the center of this movement. Where that like the farther you get from the center, the weaker the feeling of vibration becomes. So I think it's simply, it's just like a lone wave at sea, yeah.

I. Cool. So, now you say both brush and trimmer and stuff like that [overlap, 24:10]

R. Yeah, okay, what is it, it's called, it's also because I think the very feeling against the skin, that's where the brush comes in, because it's like such a soft thing being stroked up over where that the reason I say it with the trimmer, the only thing I really mean there, it's like, now I use a trimmer fairly often, so it's simply the very feeling of the trimmer's vibration I think of there, not the physical feeling of contact with the plastic. So a vibrating brush, that is, yes.

I. A soft, vibrating brush.

R. Yes.

I. That sounds super good. Are there other things you want to get rid of around this stimulus?

R. No, I do not think I have anything, no.

I. Cool. If we then try, like in the end, to take a step back and look at the totality of all these stimuli you have felt, there are some things that come to mind there, like, ' uh , they've been fat, or they have all been slaves ”, or do you think something special about yes, these things?

R. I do not think I have such a… I do not know, so technically I think it is super fat. So there is nothing that has been, I have not really either, I do not know if I had no expectations, but I do not think I had any thoughts about how it would come to feel. But it is, yes… It is an interesting feeling, very comfortable and probably also by the nature of the air, but it is a lot, so even with varying amplitude, then it becomes very noticeable, but at no time actually so uncomfortable. And it's also localized, so it's like, it's the area that vibrates, there's nothing, it does not become like having a physically vibrating object, where the vibrations just propagate. It is the area that is affected, and nothing else. Yes. So positive experience, but not so much else, I think I can say.

I. That's perfectly fair.

R. Like right on a standing foot.

I. Cool. Well, but thanks for that. I want to see if I can turn off the microphone again.
