R. Yes. Okay, but, yes. Somewhat different from the previous one. Like a wave across, about with center on about the same [?, 10:27] It felt like walking in a line across a short section of the hand. I think I noticed less of the vibration and I thought it might be used to it from something else [indistinct mumble , 10:48] but I think more it's the movement itself that kind of makes it less noticeable. Also like when you drag one or another object over another, there will typically also be a vibration of one shape or another so that it felt more natural. It felt as if something soft was being run under the hand. Yes.

I. This line you say you feel is, well, where does it go? Does it go from left to right, or something like that…?

R. It goes from right to left. Yes, I think I felt it was like being around here and there. Possibly that, I do not know, I did not think about it at the time, but yes, possibly that it started out more focused, and then kind of spread out as it went. Then again something like a wave or a soft object that was just run over the area. And that's also what I'm going to think about, that is, what it reminds me of, that is, as I said, something that is just being run over. Maybe a brush or something, yes.

I. So a soft brush somehow?

R. Yes, I think that's the one that comes closest to describing it. And again surprised how… So, if I think about it, then of course I could feel the vibrations, but it was not so, it was not as far, it was not as much in focus as it was with the others, I think is a way of saying it [a little vague, 12:50] .

I. Yes.

R. Yes.

I. And so, was there a difference in your sense of first stimulus, the first time you felt it, and the third time you felt it?

R. I think it's the one with it again, the first time it's more analytical of "how does it feel?", Or maybe more how the difference is on the other, for example the one with the vibrations not being so clear and so on, and so then then it was more such the actual physical sense of how they were moving. I think it felt softer the following times than it did the first time, also because I was probably very aware of the vibration the first time and how it felt less the other times, it was just that it was not so much on my mind . I do not think I noticed the vibrations as much.

I. So these smaller, this lesser number of vibrations just make them feel softer somehow? Or is it (…) [overlap, 14:12]

R. I think it's the movement that does it. Because I think so when you run your finger over something … [indistinct, 14: 22-14: 24] , but there's like some kind of vibration, and I just think it feels more natural that it is there so it does not stand out so much to one when the movement is there. Where that second, then were the other stimuli, there it was very clear that it just vibrated when that there was contact, so to speak. And it was not so much here, there was more, there was not so much awareness about it.

I. Super. Is there anything else you think needs to be said about this one?

R. Not so immediately, no.

I. That's fine.

R. The only thing I just came to think of is the technicalities around it. I think it is not so relevant to stimuli, so no.

I. Cool. We have just two more we can try,

R. Yes.

I. so, if we are to have the next one, then… perfect.
