I. Yes.

R. Harder than last time. Roughly, no, a little more powerful than it was during that, yes, first test thing. Still vibrations, but I think that is a consequence of the way the stimulus is generated, more than anything else. Yes, I, so it just feels like a, yes, constant [indistinct, 06: 08-06: 10] , yes really just constant, like (breathing) in very light pressure in the same area really as before, which really makes good enough sense. I do not quite know what I can so relate it to, like, no. Well, I think the only thought that popped up was actually more like, you know, a kind of feedback on something, where that it could just be exactly the same and then vary in amplitude to, it knows I do not, for how close, how far from, where something [indistinct 06: 50-06: 52] .

I. Why do you think it's hard to find something like this?

R. To begin with, I have not immediately experienced the stimulus in the same way, so it is new, and at the same time I try to relate it to a normal physical, where this it just became a constant pressure, and in… Yes, I can not like that, I do not know why, but I can not quite put my finger on something where I just think “that there, that's what it reminds me of, and that's what I come to think of, as such ”. Besides the one with feedback. So yes.

I. So it's kind of a little new and maybe a little bit, so just different from what you've tried before, somehow?

R. Yes.

I. Super. Well, it will be a bit awkward to describe what it is then, but how would you describe it to someone who has not tried this before?

R. Actually pretty much the same, so instead of it being like a dot, then it's such a constant pressure with something vibrating is the way I would describe it, I think. I think the one with feedback that comes to mind when I think of VR controllers, typically if you come into conflict with something, if you stick your hand through a wall or something, or into something, then will you get a vibration that kind of goes up, the further out of bounce you are, I think maybe that was kind of what I came to think of, just very localized.

I. Yeah, so a bit the same, but not quite anyway somehow?

R. Yes.

I. Super. Are there any other things you think need to be said about this one?

R. No, I do not think I have so much more.

I. It's super.

R. Yes.

I. Shall we try one more?

R. Yes, let's.

I. Yes, see what we can find out.

R. Simply.
