I. So.

R. Mhm .

I. what do you think?

R. It vibrated. No, it was such a pulse. So the pulse itself was like " wawawawa " and looked around, roughly between these two knuckles inside the hand. And yes, it was more powerful than that first thing, it was, you know, not overwhelming, but clearly " noticeable ", noticeable.

I. Yes. If only you were to relate it to something you've experienced before. Is there anything that comes to mind there?

R. Well then, what I most come to think of, it's kind of like one, what's it called, a pager? I work as a technician where one of our products was such a pager, so [indistinct, 01:40] and it's very much the same vibration rhythm that was like when a message came. So yeah, it feels like one that I'm going to think of as a reminder, or something, that I just need to turn my attention to something.

I. And the one there pager, it's simply just because it kind of has the same frequencies or maybe the same frequency for… [overlap, 02:12]

R. Yes, exactly, exactly. I think the idea has been that you know, a constant stimulus, you might get used to saying that where if it just comes in impulses, then there is a greater chance that you will notice it. I think that's what's been the idea behind the pattern.

I. Yes. Cool. And if now you were going to describe it to someone who has not felt this before, what would you say to them?

R. So, I think the best way to, what is it, it's called, describe it, it's such a vibrating pressure on the point there, between the two knuckles. Yes.

I. So it is the vibration that would like to be the focus on, somehow in relation to…

R. I think so because I noticed a lot that it was kind of vibrating, so I think so. But it also felt like it wasn’t quite either, just such a bit of a transition, so it was kind of like a push because it kind of ramped up [? 03:24] up and down just as pressure would. Yes.

I. Yes. Cool. Now you felt this stimulus three times, right?

R. Mmm .

I. Is there such a change in how you perceived the stimulus like that from the first to the third time, or?

R. It's hard to say. So I think I was… The first time it was more, yes, thinking about the difference between that and then the stimulus, like , that was before. And then then it was actually more that with the pager I came to think of.

I. Okay, so it's like, first it was more a comparison and then a little more related to what it [overlap, 04:19]

R. Yes, exactly, exactly.

I. Cool. Are there any other things you think need to be mentioned in relation to this stimulus?

R. Not something I can just think of, no.

I. It's super. Should we try another stimulus?

R. Yes. Let us do that.

I. Let's it. Then I will ask you to put the headphones back on.
