R. Such a mixture of the others. Now I have a bit of a hard time keeping track of exactly where, but it felt like someone came, like that dot again, such a constant stimulus followed by a pattern of what at least felt like reasonably linear movements in different directions over most of the palm. Yes.

I. Is there anything that reminds you?

R. No. So I think what I'm thinking of is that it's such more information than the others, where the others, or I do not know, okay, maybe the last one there that was just a straight line, it could also well be information about something, but the others they seemed a little more like that, either reminders for some reason, ie something that kind of says a specific thing, where that this it feels like, I think maybe I come to think of [indistinct (or to me unknown) word, 17:34] , or something in the major you know such a specific stimulus that is supposed to carry on a part or a lot of information.

I. So the type of information it could be could just be [again indistinct (or to me unknown) word, 17:55] .

R. Yes, that's what I think, that's what it was that stood out the most in relation to what I thought, it could remind me of where yes, you kind of have, you know, bounce / bumps [ ?, 18:08] in such a configuration of stimulus that, like, yes, represents some kind of information, rather than, you know, so it does of course, it does, everything is information, but that is, where, for example, the one with the pager , it is such a very specific, you know "look here", not so much "what is", then you pick up the pager , then there is a message, so not really information like like, just more "look here", where that this, it feels more like something that in itself carried information about something.

I. So it's more that there attention versus something more actual in numbers or letters, or…

R. Yes, exactly, yes.

I. Cool. If now you were to describe it to someone who has not felt it before, what do you think of some words you will use there?

R. I do not remember if it is like that was someone you know, definitely play or just something that was someone who thought was nice to do, but there was… I remember from after school, where you kind of gave people the same hand, and then you had to sit with your eyes closed, and then they had to kind of draw something in the palm of your hand, and then you had to guess what it was, and that was it, I think, that's the way I would describe it on, like this…

I. What is it that reminds you of that?

R. Well, it's the one with it again, so it felt a lot like there was a dot, followed by moving around in some lines. So it was like being drawn on my hand, I think. Yes.

I. That sounds great. Are there any other things you would like to get rid of in relation to this stimulus?

R. No… The movement was, that is, the moving part of the movement, so to speak, felt in the same way as it did with the previous one. And likewise dotted, like the one there before it. Yes, I think that's all.

I. Cool. We just have one last one we can just try out.

R. Yes.

I. And so…
