R. It was fun. It had, it was a much wider, that is, much wider. It ran like up from the top of the hand and looked down. But before, where the breathing that has been, has been very concentrated around a very small area, then it runs here on the whole hand, while breathing like this, it was much wider than the others, so it does not feel as much like a human breath. That's why I think I've said the others have been a human breath, it's like because when you breathe, it comes out a lot in a very, very small area, while this one, it was more such a mixture of a feather which came on the whole hand at once. Yes.

I. So it almost felt like the whole hand was being stimulated.

R. Yes. It runs like that from the start and then down, but much wider in like that where air comes out on it. And then it was a little fun. Well, it was a little tickling because [indistinct, 13:26] , I came to smile [indistinctly, 13:28] it was a little more funny than the others, it was a little more tickling and such, yes, than the others.

I. Exciting. So it's a little wide somehow?

R. Mmm .

I. Is it something you kind of associate with this? Is that so…?

R. Yes, I associate it with such a thing with his hand, and then there is another who does such a thing on one. It's hard to actually describe with sound, but if you kind of have a flat hand that relaxes, and then it's someone else who kind of runs the other hand down over it. Almost in such a massage feeling, such yes… That feeling I associated it with. Does it make sense?

I. Yes, it makes insanely good sense.

R. That was the feeling. As if, if you take a feather and run it down over someone else's hand, it's the one there that springs just as quietly. One is not used to getting that whole hand activated that way. Yes.

I. So it's a bit of an unfamiliar feeling, a bit of a new feeling, maybe?

R. Yes. Yes, or not, it's not much, it's also recognizable because it has something, just that feeling that something's running down your whole hand, or that someone's taking one's hand and runs across.

I. Exciting.

R. Just like when you get a massage, or something like that, you often get your hands massaged in the end, so concluding, that's the feeling.

I. And yes, that massage, will you associate it with something good? Or?

R. It was something good, only good, yes.

I. Only good.

R. Yes.

I. Cool. If you were to describe it to some who do not really know what this is about, what would you say to them?

R. That there was someone who had such a windmill running over your hand, I think. Such a one of those little propellers that you take with you on holidays if you are going to a hot place, or had as a child. Such a tiny little hand-driven [indistinct, 15:40] propeller that you kind of drove over your hand.

I. That sounds like a funny thing.

R. Yes.

I. Okay, is there anything else you think you would like to say?

R. Hmm… Yeah, well, it was a lot, it was really funny, this feeling. It made one happy, that is. It was also like such a one, it could also be a feeling I could imagine, my boyfriend ran his hand down over my hand, or like that, ik ', it was very much like safe or fun, or like that feeling.

I. Mmm . That sounds wonderful. Okay, shall we…

R. Mmm .
