I. Cool. How was it?

R. It was a very such round feeling, that is, it was as if it were moving around on the inner hand of the palm. Yes, around a ring. Yes, it was kind of a little more stinging, I feel, a little bit like that. But I do not know if there was anything with my placement of the hand. But it sticks completely afterwards, it springs so little in the hand while it happens. Yeah Al that sounds pretty crap to me, Looks like BT aint for me either.

I. Now say you stick. So, is it for example "now we take a pen and dot to your hand" or is it more like that [unclear word, overlap, 08:38]

R. No, it's more such a rose. It's more… It's not so much something that feels on the outside, it's more like a mini shock, I think, very, very much, that is, just such microscopic small shocks that stick inside the hand, more than it is something that comes from the outside to and affects it. More something like that so that it shivers all the way inside the hand afterwards.

I. And is it, then, do you have such an after-feeling after that? So, would you say that this stimulus lasts for a long time, or that you can still feel it closest, right?

R. Mmm . I do not think I thought about how long I had it afterwards. I do not have it now, except that my hand is a little different than the left hand, but it is not… But then I can not feel it now at least. I did not think about whether it was only while driving that I could feel it.

I. How different from the left hand?

R. Right now?	

I. Yes.

R. It's a little more like that… So, first of all, it's warmer. So completely practical. And then it… It's kind of more strained right now than the left hand. A little heavier.

I. So, would you say you were more focused on your right hand right now than on your left?

R. Yes, very much.

I. Yes. Cool. So if you were to say if there was something that reminded you of it, then was it the stinging sensation you would focus on for example? Or would you say something completely different that reminded you of that?

R. Yes, the one with a stinging sensation could well… Or the most comparable I think can be, if such a foot sleeps or hand sleeps, the one with such a slightly stinging feeling, it is perhaps the most descriptive, but to such a lesser degree , than if it is asleep. So like screwed down completely.

I. Yes. Exciting. So you said in the beginning that it was like a circle feeling somehow. How is it, so how does it fit in with this stinging feeling?

R. It's like, it starts somewhere on the hand, and then it moves around, and then it kind of spreads that stinging feeling depending on where it's running around in that circle. So it kind of takes it around.

I. Cool. Is there anything else you think of exciting things about this stimulus?

R. No.

I. No? Okay. Cool. Then I think we'll try the next one. Shall we?

R. Yes.
