R. Okay. This one was a little more random, but it was pretty funny, because it was like, I had the feeling it was a little drunk, the machine, or something like that, because it came like this, while many of the others have been very concentrated or conscious. , it feels a little more unconscious here because they came in different, it was very random around the hand, and it was in different such power and strengths that they came with. Then came a small one, then came a big one, it was very much such a random feeling over it, over this stimulus.

I. Fat. So very random and so much like a little out in the air, up in the air, drunk almost, right?

R. Yes. Yes.

I. Is there, besides being drunk, is there anything you want to describe?

R. That kind of uncontrolled feeling that it is not… While the others were very controlled, it was here, that's probably why I also use it there so full, it's probably because it was uncontrolled, the one there huhuhhhhh-like feeling, where it kind of shifts in intensity, and where it hits her, it's a little more random, while the others were very precise, where they hit, and there was a very clear pattern in the movement, so here it's just such quite randomly of different. Yes.

I. So is there anything you would like to relate it to? Is there anything you, besides… [indistinct, 18:40]

R. No, well, maybe it's a bit actually a drunk man one should have to breathe in such a breathalyzer . Who just has to do it a few times before it, so it gets a little random like that (breathes to demonstrate), well, so it's probably the picture I get inside my head, it's that feeling, but it's not directly descriptive, so it's more of a… Yes, I think it's very much that random thing that kind of controls the feeling in this one.

I. So, I think it's a nice picture.

R. Okay.

I. It's something you can take on, somehow. And will you then also use the drunk man as a reference to other peoples who like to… [overlap, 19:24]

R. Yes, I think so. It's such a drunk man trying to breathe. So it goes a bit random places, you can not completely control how much he breathes. Yes. Yes.

I. Would there be any other things that you would relate it to, in addition to drunk, perhaps?

R. No. It's very much the random thing with also random feeling, it was the one that was at least the strong feeling after getting… It does not only need, it's more that there with that you try… It's as if it try, it's like it had the feeling that it wanted to do it right, but it could not quite figure it out. Well, that's enough, that's the feeling I had. [Unclear mumble , 20:16] It was as if the machine wanted to be checked, but it could not quite do it. Yes, that is the one. Yes.

I. Yes, that sounds exciting. Is there anything where you think, that is, when you kind of felt this stimulus like that for the first time, your image has just changed to it? Last time you felt it? Or such a development in what you thought?

R. Not besides I think I got that drunk man in the head of the two , and there I started laughing because, I do not know, I imagined it myself. Yes.

I. That sounds cool. Are there any other things you want to say to this stimulus?

R. I do not think so. No. I do not think.

I. Are there any things you want to say in general about all those things?

R. All of them here?

I. Yes.

R. Hmm… It's actually as if just before it started, ik ', there was such a little breath. It's not there now. But it feels more like that too, the one that tingles, a little like that, not shock, but very much like that little kind of electricity that was in it there to begin with, which can also feel a little creepy, because I'm not used to getting something reminiscent of shock, into my hand. Or such with, i.e. such a very, very mild form, while that many of the breaths I have felt, stimuli, they have been more, they have not been so, uh, what to say, eerie, or such that was just the one there where it tingled in my hand where I thought about it, but yes, I could well, you could feel that unfamiliar feeling when you first just get that little breath because it's so unfamiliar for one to have something that both gives such a tingling sensation in the hand, and yes, just feels like such a small kind of electric, some kind of, yes maybe such an electric fence that one touches with such a wet blade . So that little one, it's like that, so I can hardly even remember when I last did it, but that feeling I think a little I would have if you did it, and that's the feeling you get then the palm. And it's a place I'm not used to, it's very unusual for me to get my hands activated. Well, that's why I'm so connected it in some places with massage or my boyfriend holding it because I do not really… It's rare, I, that is, my hands, they often do active things. So, I grab the door or do something that creates stimuli for them, so it's pretty rare for me to be exposed to stimuli on my hands, because it's often me who chooses what to do with my hands. .

I. Yes. There are many who have something in one way or another. Well, there are many who… This may be visual feedback that you just get from addressing what you are addressing.

R. No, not so much that. It's more just that it's unfamiliar to me that in one day, so if I often choose what I want with my hands. That I want to go out the door, or that I have to put on my jacket. I know what kind of feeling , what kind of stimuli I expose my hands to. So it's more that it was unfamiliar to me that… It's only if I get a massage or hold my boyfriend's hand that there are some others who create… Because it's rare to get in touch with something new that you have not chosen yourself. It's more that. It's unusual for me to sit and do a stimulus on my hand, because I'm not used to my hands being exposed to things I do not expect to happen, because it is often myself who creates what my hands must do.

I. Yes.

R. Does it make sense?

I. It makes good sense.

R. Okay. So it's more of a. Yes. They tend to be more active, my hands, right ? Yes, I hope it makes sense.

I. I think it does. Yes. I think that sounded like a nice ending to it. So if you do not have anything else you would like to get rid of, then I would probably say that was it.

R. Yes. Perfect.

I. So I just turn off…


