R. Here I immediately thought of the movement as if, you know well those there so little, I have seen it from Friends, where you can go into such a spray tan room, where they such "bzzzzz"?

I. Yes.

R. That was immediately what I was thinking, the feeling you got on hand. And that it really, I think, felt that way. I think it was the same, a bit like before, I think it was really the same pressure, but that you can feel it a little more clearly on the palm itself than out on the fingers. And I think the latter felt a little stronger than the others again. But yes, at least that's how I would describe it to people, that it feels like you're getting this, just such a spray “bzzzz” on your hand.

I. Yes. Are there any other things you would like to relate to this stimulus in addition to the spray?

R. But also again that it has such a little that… Now it was hard because it's a little hot in here, but that it just feels like such some wind again. So it might feel like a little cooling off somehow. I do not know if it's just because you connect it with the feeling of wind, that then you automatically come to think of something, just something that is so cool, a bit like you did with such that that sound feels like a bass sound, then I think of a bass sound.

I. But you would not say that there was any physical touch in any way? Well, now you say spray tan, it's small, so…

R. Yes, but that's exactly what it could feel, as if someone sprayed your hand like that, I think. But then it should be like that, so it's such a weak spray, ik ', but that one, it would be like that, it felt.

I. Yes. But it's not because it's like, 'uh, it's a feather that goes over it' or something like that?

R. No, it's something like that at a distance. And so like that, so of course it's also something that hits your hand, but something like that is at a distance and so like that, it's not such a direct touch in that way, it's something that kind of gets such a little, like that shot at a distance to your hand. Would I say yes.

I. It makes good sense. Now you say that it gets a little stronger in the process again. Is it again that you just get used to this stimulus in some way, that you kind of know what's coming?

R. Yeah, I'm a little unsure of that, I do not know, I think this one that felt like that just a little bit stronger in the end. Well, I'm a little in doubt myself, it could very well be, it's because, it just hits the same several times, but I think it felt… I think I felt that number one and two were more alike, but that so the last one was a little stronger. And so I have had it with some of the others. Well, I can not really distinguish between the first two, but the last one, it was like a little more "Okay, this one is a little clearer", or it feels stronger on your hand. Yes, I would say that.

I. Super. Are there any other things you want to get rid of for this stimulus?

R. No, I do not think I can do that…

I. If now you think back on all these five things you have now felt. Is there something you think "uh, this can be used for" or "this, this is cool with these stimuli", or is it all just weird winds blowing on your hand?

R. No, so I think there is such a big difference, for example, both this one, which hits the whole hand, versus for example the bass that was so very concentrated on a piece, so it feels very more powerful on my hand than this one because you can feel it all over. Then it feels like such a smooth movement more covering it all. So like that, so you can very clearly distinguish between them, and it also gives a very different feeling, so also the one there, like that that moved, so it was a completely different feeling of… I also think I would say, that this way, this one was the last one, I think where I clearly felt the most, that it feels like something actually came on my hand. So like, you could relate it to a little bit like that, just like a spray that covered my hand like that, where the others, I think most, it's because it's some sensations you do not know in the same way. So the thing with that is that it's rare, you just have such a little dot that just kind of, you know, hits, so it's kind of a little more, it's so hard to directly apply it to something that could hit like that your hand in reality.

I. Yes. So it's a bit of a weird feeling you have, in fact, because it kind of does not relate to anything in reality, you say?

R. Yes, or, but I think, what I think was funny, it's that there were some, those who had someone like that, so this one did not have rhythm in it, so I did not think on sound. Well, there is, I think quickly, you get to connect it to just a sound or a feeling, if… Even though you can not really hear something or something, so like that… Well, I thought more in it same just like I said, on a sprinkler or a fire truck or something, you know, you just associate it with something rhythmic or…

I. Yes. Yes.

R. Yes.

I. Yes. Is there anything else you want to say, like this for all these things, like this in general? Or?

R. Yes, maybe more that it like that, it's hard to say anything about the temperature too, maybe? And because that, just a little bit, that you get to associate it with just such a feeling of air, and then you come to think that it so that it must be cooling, even though you really do not really know , whether it is so cooling in that way. And so that such, those who become more so interrupted, that is, where they are such dots, or something, that I connect it more with something rhythmic versus those that are so constant, that I can better connect it to just something, as such that can touch my body, I would say.
