R. So, this one, it was harder, yes, because it's on a bigger part of your hand. I came to think of such a sprinkler, you know, there like that, you know those there who like that "prr prr prrr", so like it's something that revolves around, right? It's still, this one feels more air-like because it was just like that on a larger part of the hand, so I felt like it was some air that just kind of hit the hand, but on like that, in such a sprinkler-like motion. And that, I do not know, it feels colder somehow. It just feels more like something where it was air, I do not know if it is because it was just on a larger area of the hand that moved… And I think, by this one, I felt less that they became stronger each time. There it was more like that, it was kind of the same feeling at all three of them.

I. Yes. So it is not the same tenderness that is on it…

R. No, I think maybe, yes precisely because it was like that, it was so short at all the places. By the others, it was the more concentrated the same place that like that. So here it was more just like that, more, so it was, after all, one, they were hit faster all the areas because it kind of moved so fast. And I think maybe that too, that was what could do, it created such a more effect of that as if there was such a thing as a wind blowing across your hand like such a sprinkler, that was the first thing I thought, when i heard it like that, it was such a sprinkler-like movement.

I. So besides the sprinkler movement, are there any other things you relate to this feeling in your hand?

R. Well just that it was so gentler. It was such more airy in such, in its feeling. And it was still concentrated, like, one was in no doubt about where, that is, where it hit. But it was still the case that I just had to think about it every time, a little bit "okay, does it work, is it such a C-movement-like thing it does, or is it such a thing all the way around or?" It was not as clear and [indistinct word, 07:05] as the others, because it moved, the feeling. There was no doubt about where it was, but it was not because it was such an "eye, it's just a ring, this". It felt a bit like it was such a bit of a C-shape, or something it moved in. So you kind of had, it was more like one, that I kind of just used those three times not to think ” was it harder or less? ”, it was more such a“ what way is it going? ”, the air or the feeling.

I. So there is more movement in focus here than your own hand perhaps?

R. Yes, I think so. And it was not because one was in doubt about where it was. It was just because it moved so much, not that you should find out just like that, I think.

I. Yes. Cool. Have you, therefore, tried to be touched in this way before? So…

R. No, because this one, that is, it felt more like just like some fast air, as you know, the handhelds there might be like that, like that, that is, but less. So it is much smaller, but it feels like air, but it is not something you have tried before in that way, because it is so small, where it hits, and goes so fast, and is so like , so what can you say, stable in where the air it goes to.

I. Yes.

R. I think. But I think, and it was not because, I think, it was so very constant, it was not because I think it was so stronger one place than another, that is, how it changed, or what one says. That it was like that started with being stronger and then it got weaker. It felt very much like "pfff" constantly.

I. It makes sense. If you had to describe it to someone, again, would that also be the movement you focused on? Or would it be more the sense of how it feels?

R. There I think more I would focus on such movement, because I think it was that which was such a little stronger here, because it was not such, because there was a difference in feeling as such, well, that is a lot, so it just feels like air again, I would say. So such that this, it was probably perhaps the one that was strongest in such, it is some air that comes on your hand. And then just that it comes in such a little wave, such a little C-shape, such a constant, such. Yes.

I. Cool. Are there other things you think need to be said about this stimulus?

R. No, I do not think so.

I. Super.

R. Yes.

I. Cool. Should we try one more again?

R. Mmm.
