R. Well again, well, a little with something, this time, here I got more such a one, as you mentioned first, that with that you get such the feeling of a bass playing that you stand like that in front of a , and you can feel it there "duf, duf, duf, duf". And I also come to such a little think of such just such, the feeling of it was like such a fire truck or something driving past you. That is exactly where you can feel such "wrwrwrwr" in some way. And it also got stronger each time. The feel of it. But that, that is, it feels again as in the same way that it felt like air. So again such neither hot nor cold air, but more this time as such a just a bass that played. I do not know if it was just such a bit of the rhythm in the very way it was, but it feels as if it kind of gets it, that it's just such a bit a blast of waves, or. Up against the hand.

I. Now you say "fire truck", I think that is a bit exciting. Why do you think of a fire truck?

R. I felt I could little sense such a sound in it too. So the way it was like "dududu", so like, so you just came to associate it a bit with a sound, I think just when there is such a fire truck driving past you, like the way it kind of drove up. And that, so a bit like with the bass, that there was more like that, because there was a rhythm in it with this one, it was not there with the previous one, so I think more, you just associate it with, if you are in front of something , which is very noisy. Yes.

I. Are there any other things that come to mind when you feel this?

R. I think it tickled a little too. So that it seemed more powerful and concentrated than the other, so it was such a small point on the knuckle-like, like, you could feel it, right? So just that, too, I think, that's what makes it feel so wavy, because it's not that hard, so it's such a slightly tickling sensation. I think.

I. Okay, so it's not hard, you say, not hard compared to what? Is it because you can not handle it, or why do you say it is not hard?

R. No, but in the way that it does not hurt so much, it is not because I also feel that my hand is like going out of control or anything, but you can just feel it concentrated, but on such a little, i.e. such, it is such a constant and such delimited feeling, but not something that hurts or anything. It's just like that, so it's still gentle. But you are not in doubt, like, where it hits her. If it makes sense?

I. Yes, I think it does. If now you had to explain it again to someone who has not tried it before, what would you say to them?

R. There I think more, I would say, just that it so that it feels so little if you put your hand in front of a speaker and you could hear a bass playing, but that it then just is on a very limited and concentrated area of your hand, i.e. such on the knuckle. And that it does not hurt or anything, but that it just, it feels as such just like sound waves from a bass, and there is such a rhythm in it.

I. Yes. Cool. Are there any other things you think you would like to say in relation to this stimulus?

R. No. That is, also that it is precisely that which makes it feel stronger and stronger every time.

I. Is it because then, why do you think it is that it is getting stronger? Is it because, it like that… [indistinct, overlap, 03:42]

R. I might that because you know like where it is it hits her, and then it's that you more like that, then you feel like that area has been hit before, and then it's like that then you can feel it might be harder like that every time because it has been hit the same place several times.

I. So you're a little more focused on that part of the hand maybe?

R. Yes, or I do not know if one can say that it has become sore or something, it is just used to it. So it's not necessarily that it feels like it's much, much stronger, but it still feels like it's because now it's tried it nine times there in the end, no '.

I. Yes. Cool. Shall we try one more?

R. Yes.

I. Yes.
