R. This one was a little more "all over the place". So, I come up with ideas, and to see them flush it out, it's really fun. Here there I came to think of someone who makes such farting sounds with his mouth like. You know such prpr like. And that was how it was, it was much more uncontrolled. So it was as if it spit something out, and then it got a little weaker and then it got strong again. As if that too with it, it felt, so you could feel it all over your hand. It feels a lot like someone who's so prrrrr-like, if it makes sense, you know, and that it's like that, it just feels powerful in the stare, and then it's getting weaker, like there's someone just squirting like that. something, spit something you know, kind of like that, kind of get around like that, but still in such straight lines, right? So it was a lot more different prints one could feel here. And also kind of a little bit more, as if it was like that, then you could feel it in the middle, but it still felt like like, like you spray paint on a wall, that there were still some blobs around somehow. Or you could feel a little like that around it, just also like that in a weaker way. And it was not because I thought there was such a big difference between them, I felt right there at the very end, it came so powerful than the first such pf. But otherwise I do not think there was so… So, if I had to say there was someone who was most powerful, then it felt a little more powerful in the end. But maybe it was more because, just like the previous one, that you had to just like "okay, where is it, it kind of runs on my hand?", And then it became a little more like "okay, then run the one there pattern, then it runs down, and then it runs up, and then it runs down ”more. But I think that was what I thought most, it's just, yeah, I might describe it as just like someone who has such a little bit like you know when you drive, so have to put out a fire, or something, ik ', that it is such "phu phu".

I. A little spray all over it?

R. Yes, exactly that it is so powerful that you can feel it just squirts up on your hand, and meanwhile there are such little patches around too that you can also feel weaker.

I. Yes. So there is like an effect of… or a greater effect than just the one place where it like.

R. Yes, you can feel where that it, or the affected area, but that it is so also, as if there is such, there is a little around it too, and I think it is just because it, so such , the stimulus was stronger perhaps than any of the others. So it's like that, it felt like it kind of hit a little bit like that around it in that kind of stripe shape. And then it was, I just think, maybe it's something with the hand, but that such that it felt stronger there when it hit there in the middle of the hand versus out on the fingers. And I do not know if it is because you are just more sensitive in the middle of the hand than out on the fingers? Because it felt like I think it was so reasonably stable in when it hit in the middle and then ran out to the fingers and back again. But it was just clearer to feel inside the middle of the hand.

I. That sounds nice.

R. Yes.

I. Is there, then, is there anything else you think about this stimulus, like maybe, like, again, if you were to describe it to someone, what would you say to them?

R. There I think again I would, so I would again describe the feeling as some air of a kind, but as such is more like that, it is fast, and that it is just such a one, feels like a stripe that just like that runs back and forth on your hand. But like again like this, it's… it's a strip you can clearly sense where it's going, but it's not something that hurts or anything, it just feels like such a little something air, again that kind of hits your hand .

I. Maybe someone who just walks over your hand with something

R. Yes, yes, exactly. Such a thing such a little…

I. [indistinct word, 13:44]

R. Yes, yes, exactly, not something that hurts or anything.

I. Cool.

R. Yes.

I. Shall we try the next one?

R. Yes.

I. Super.

R. Hey, I just need to wear it right.
