R. It was a bit like getting his hand dried like that. I do not know, little associations to those where you have to stick your hands down to get your hands dry when in public toilets. And it was also a bit like being, what is it called, yes, scanned, feeling? Such a little sci - fi movie , where you just get such a " bzzzzz ", then it has just identified who you are. And then it tickled a little when it came between the fingers. But it was very nice on the hand, and then it got a little tickling when it started to inflate between the fingers.

I. Why do you think it is, well, and now you said hand dryer to start with and scanning, why are these the two things that kind of come to mind?

R. I think it's because it .. The feeling started with it kind of running at a steady pace like that and rolling over the hand, or under the hand like , so yeah, you got a little association with such a laser strip running, yes, slowly forward at hand.

I. Would you say that there was someone, that is, if you now say the hand dryer again. Is there any difference between that feeling from the hand dryer and then this feeling?

R. It was clearly milder. Those hand dryers can be a little violent. Yes, so it was like that, a little, yes a mild, and then only on the underside of course, ik '. Yeah Al that sounds pretty crap to me, Looks like BT aint for me either. So I think that was a difference too. And then it has, yes, so it was such a bit of a soft, round feeling, wave that came like that, drove slowly, scanned the hand through.

I. And this scan, so where does the scan image come from? Is it because you've seen some movies, or have you tried to get scanned like that before?

R. I think it's a movie. Yes. When you see people who must, well, have scanned themselves, or I do not know, something like that, I do not know, you see in movies, if they have to check in through secret doors, or something like that, then they either keep their hand up, and then such a green ray runs slowly up it or the eyes or something. I think that's where it's coming from. I do not think I have seen it in reality right.

I. So it is, it's like a bit of an abstract, so it's something you could imagine you felt?

R. Something I could imagine, yes, exactly. So without actually having felt it. But yes. It was a bit I got associations to. I think the closest I have come to it is when one is at the airport and there is such a one running downhill where they are driving down one with such one, I do not even know what it is called…

I. A metal detector or something?

R. Yes, exactly. But I have never tried to do that by hand either. Maybe it was just a bit of that " zzz " tempo. Yes.

I. Yes, okay. If you had to describe it to someone who has not tried this device , how would you look or what words would you put on it?

R. So I think I would say that this feeling, if I were to describe it, that it's a bit like getting breathed slowly, yes, breathing slowly on the hand in a scanning motion that runs like that, yes, there rolls over the hand and dries it. No, I do not know. Yes, but very airy. Yes.

I. Very airy somehow. Exciting.

R. Yes, so it was fun, because since I have associations with scanning, but still not so machine-like , but more like air-drying - like , yes.

I. Not machine-like , so how?

R. More like that, it's not like staying, I do not know. My associations with such a laser are a little more eletro … Electrically charged .

I. So this is maybe a little more natural, I do not know?

R. Yes, a little more blow - dry like , a little more over in air than in radiation. Yes.

I. Cool. Is there anything else you think needs to be said about this stimulus?

R. Not something I can just think of, no.
