R. Hmm… Now I just have to remember what I've been thinking. It was funny, it… It had a bit of that scanning-like , but more like, I do not know, an ae-movement, or as if someone is nesting (in the sense of "hairdresser") or trying to shovel snow-like , or I do not know, but it's more that it comes in the way you feel something somewhere on your hand, and then you pull it back on your hand, and then you feel something further forward, and then you pull it back on your hand, and then you feel something further forward, and then it pulls back on the hand, so a bit like, yes either something moving forward such a caterpillar-like , or yes. I do not know what it reminds me of. Yeah Al that sounds pretty crap to me, Looks like BT aint for me either.

I. Is there anything so concrete that reminds you of that? So, is this something you've experienced before?

R. No.

I. This feeling?

R. Not really. That's what I'm trying to think of, what it could be. It's a bit, yes but I think, there, for example, if you comb a dog's hair or something, that you sort of comb somewhere and then comb back and then a little further forward and then comb back and then a little further forward, or my own hair, when I do it, that one does it from the bottom up . And then slowly rises and then goes back the way you started, right ?

I. Yes. Okay. Mhm . How do you want, so you would use the same image to have to describe it to someone else who…

R. Ah , it's a good question how to describe it. I think it's harder. If I had to say it in words and could not do it like this or show it by hand, now I show it by hand, yes. I think I would say… What would I say? I think I would say. I do not remember if it happens three or four times, but imagine something starts down at the end of your hand and then goes a bit forward, or you get air a bit forward on the hand, which breathes back on down the hand , and then next time you will feel something further up on the hand that breathes back further down the hand. Yes. And it happens a few times.

I. Yes.

R. And then see if they would be able to guess what it was.

I. Okay.

R. Yes. There was something like that either something like that trying to move forward, or something trying to fix something on my hand. Yes.

I. Is it, then, that you seem to have suffered such challenges in describing it in some way?

R. Yes.

I. So, why do you think it is? Is it because this movement is very unfamiliar, or is it because you do not have any associations with it in any way?

R. Yes, that's a good question. Maybe because I do not have any associations to it, or that I do not feel I can figure out what its purpose is. Or such. Yes. I think on some others you come to think "well but, what would this one be?" or trying to figure out what it wants. And this one I can not see what it wants, or anything like that. Is it trying to get somewhere, or is it trying to clear my hand, or? Yes, I do not know. It may well be if you have lots of sand on hand, and then just like it just takes it in stages and then just "pf" it blows right away, yes.

I. A little like that, yes. Yes. Is there anything else you think should be said to this one?

R. Yes, it was nice. Or it was weird. Or like that, it was not uncomfortable, or like that. Yes. I think it might have been a lot, yes, it was hard to figure out what it wanted, but it was not because it was an uncomfortable feeling, it was very much like that, yes. Feels a bit like being cleaned.

I. And that of not knowing what it wants. Does it, then, do anything about such a feeling of it, then? Now you say it was nice, but will it be, then?

R. Did it become less pleasant because you did not know it?

I. Yeah, maybe, or something more exciting in some ways or something like that?

R. Ah! I do not know if I think it got more exciting from it, or if it just got more meaningless? Yes, because it's really fun, because it can go both ways, right ? So yes, I think less exciting. No, I do not even know. It was okay. It was so mediocre. I think it's somewhere in between. I do not think it was because it was particularly exciting, but I also do not think it was particularly indifferent, or such. Yes. I think it with being able to figure it out again… I think more, it's a little bit negative than a little bit positive, if you can put it that way.

I. Yes.

R. Yes. But…

I. But it's still no problem for…

R. But it's still no problem, no I still think I think it, yes, it was a good feeling.

I. That's good.

R. It just made my brain go really like "wonder what it can do?"

I. Yes.

R. Yes.

I. Cool. If you have nothing else,

R. Yes.

I. then we can just try one more and it will probably be the last. I do not quite know if anything has gone wrong in my program, but we'll just find out.

R. Shall I [indistinctly, 23:54]
