R. It was a little milder, or yes, you could not feel it as much. But yes again a little air-like , that with that it was like being blown in a small, in such a strange movement. I kind of felt it was a reverse C, or yes. Now I do not know if I just had some airport associations from the previous one. So it was a bit like that, yeah, I do not know, stand outside and then just a few minutes, I do not know, then there was something that breathed just a little on one's hand and then just breathed in a little semicircle around.

I. Is there anything you think is reminiscent of this or that feeling?

R. Nothing but being breathed by a lot… But it was not so wide, so it was not like being breathed by a human. But maybe, no, it is too, but it is much more violent. I was thinking of something like a bike pump-like thing . But the fact that it was very small or precise, so I do not know if there is anything that reminds me of such quite specifically.

I. But such a little bike pump-like if the bike pump was not quite as strong as…

R. A very weak bicycle pump, yes. Maybe that I have filled some old shampoo bottle with air, and then just breathed on myself.

I. Yes. So still a lot of it there also a bit focused on a very specific point?

R. So smaller, yes, smaller space, or yes, more specified and so in one, what is it called, yes, a small movement. So maybe it reminds me a little bit of when to notice what people were drawing, or I do not know if you tried it when drawing each other on the back when you were little, and then you had to guess what it is.

I. Yes.

R. Or so. A bit of that I got associations to, just with air instead of being drawn on my back. And then without being able to fully figure out what it is the other is trying to draw.

I. It is not, no, it makes good sense. I was just going to think about it, but I think it makes good sense. And yes. So if you now, well now you felt it three times in a row, right ? How would you say your feeling, or did your feeling change from the first time to the third time?

R. From the first time to the third time? I think I became more and more like "wondering what it draws on my hand" as we approached the second third time. But otherwise not really. No, it was like that [indistinct, 09:14] it felt very similar.

I. Do you think, then, or why do you think there is no such development in your feeling, if one may say so? I do not know if there may have been…

R. When , sorry , what did you say?

I. I do not know if there was a feeling of a development in the first stimulus, for example? So when you felt it there…

R. Ah .. No, I do not think there is the great development. I just think I feel something the first time, and then I feel it again. Yes. So I do not think there will be any change in how it was from the first time to the second time. And I do not think so in the other. It was more my thoughts about it if it… So no, it's very much the same feeling I feel the three times in a row.

I. Cool.

R. But now they are also roughly one after the other, so I do not know if there is a difference, if now there was a long time, and I felt it again, if I would then be like "ah, that was it". But I think well I would, well, be able to feel the difference.

I. Yes, for sure. IS there anything else you're thinking that should say to just this one?

R. No, I was told it was mild, right ?

I. Mmm …

R. Yes.

I. Very mild.

R. Very mild.
