R. It feels as if it was, then, not such a round thing that inflated, but more so elongated? Oblong… So like one in without a dot. Shape that kind of inflated on my hand, but in, such a very monotonous rhythm, so not like that, it was not, I did not really get such a music associations, more such a tempo or the feeling that “now you have to count, where many times it does it on you ”or like how many times, yes, just like that it spoke things up.

I. Now you say PR-PR, or in without a dot, what do you mean by that?

R. By that I mean one, a rectangle that stands up on my hand, a tiny rectangle that stands up on my hand.

I. Okay.

R. So it, it was as if air had been blown through a rectangular shape, yes. And then it was a bit like that there I feel, there was a bit of a development, so from where it started and where it kind of spoke up, but that the more times it ran, I felt that it actually got higher and higher up on my hand. Again, I'm not sure if I jerked it, but that's how it felt, it was on its way up to my fingers, right ? Very little, but all the time a little bit. Yes. Yes, very kind of count-like . There could also be a bit of such a mobile-alarm-vibration- like feeling. But really one, one usually like that… or maybe more a phone ringing, than an alarm to wake you up. But not so violent, so I do not know, I got it there, you can sometimes do that, with alarms for such an " adrrh , I have to get up too", I did not really get it. It was more like "now you are being tested", or "now you must… do you remember how many times it did this?" - like .

I. Yes.

R. Yes.

I. So it is… that way it is a little more comfortable than the one you had felt before, or where it was like very alarm-like ?

R. Yes, a little more pleasant, but also not as so, yes… a little more pleasant, but not as musical, so not so exciting either, maybe. It was more, yes, I got more "counting numbers" than I got "guess a music track".

I. So there's something more factual in it, or something like that?

R. Yes, I think maybe also, it was with the fact that it was very much the same place, it may well be, I felt, it moved a tiny bit upwards, tiny bit upwards, but it was very much the same shape throughout, and yes within a concrete … such a specific field on my hand, where that it, unlike the other where I felt it came from different sides, looked a little more light show-like , where there are lamps flashing in different directions, then this one was much more monotonous or so steady . It was a bit "proper conditions" - like . A little more square, yes.

I. A lot of focus [overlap, 27:40]

R. And very focused, yes.

I. Cool. If you had to describe it to someone else who had not tried it here before?

R. Yes, then I would describe it as, I was going to say a little in without a dot. Yes, as if you feel one, yes stroke is perhaps a better word, you feel a stroke of air,… you feel a stroke of air on your palm, which comes at a certain distance between them. You have to feel like you have to count how many there are. And there are many. Or.

I. Okay. Cool. Is there anything else you're thinking that should say to just exactly this stimulus?

R. No, I do not think so.

I. Okay. And if there is not, then if we take a step back and then look at all these here, I think it was five now you felt different stimuli. Is there anything you think needs to be said about them as a whole, maybe, or something?

R. Yes. I think, those who bev … Yes, in fact now I come to think back to the first one who kind of rolled over the hand, and also a little one who ate my hand or saved my hand, it's my association, I felt they were a little more comfortable in it with, well, the one there, I do not know if it's such a sheer feeling of being eaten in one way or another, that with something like that going over your hand, yeah. How to get " stroked ". I thought there was something nicer feeling. And the very first one with a scanner, there was also it, as if it was a little more round, that is, like, yes, like that a little more round in it, like yes a roll, you roll through your hand. It's funny how, when some time has passed, you get some other thoughts. Yes, so a little more soft and a little more like that somehow. So, when yes , actually, something I came to think of was, in general, I think these have been nicer than, I tried such a demo. The only time I have tried such a thing here before has been such two seconds where I just felt over such a demoting running where it made a circle. And there I remember, I thought it was very electron-, or yes, much more such static electricity-like , feeling, and becoming such " urdhr ". Then I remember, you went a bit with it in hand, where I think this is a lot more so airy, or what is it called, yes. Such a little softer. Even though those who were a little more static or sharp, it was more, yes, like being blown away by something, than…

I. Yes, than that there electricity…

R. Than as if you "hoof, now I have a shock in the hand". Yeah Al that sounds pretty crap to me, Looks like BT aint for me either. Yeah Al that sounds pretty crap to me, Looks like BT aint for me either. Or one of them, the one with the rhythm, I think it was as if it came from different directions. It could also be, it hit different things on my hand. Versus like some of the others, or for example the last one, who was so very focused on, it was straight up and down like , right ?

I. Yes.

R. Yes.

I. Fat. If there is nothing else you think needs to be said for it, then…

R. No, it did, how many have I tried?

I. Five in all.

R. I do not think I can remember the middle one. When yes, it was, or no, it's the one I can not remember was the little C, I can well remember it now, yes. It was also the one that was least powerful in some way.

I. Yes, and so perhaps least noticeable, or something like that.

R. Yes, but it was both that with that I feel, it was the one that was hardest to feel, or so mildly. So maybe that, yes… Also the one I remember the least. Yes, maybe it was, that was it.

I. That was it. Perfect.

R. Unless you have other questions.

I. No, not right. But I'm trying to turn off the microphone, then.
