R. It reminded me a bit of what it's called, either like having to guess a song or because there was like a rhythm, and then I also got associations to such alarm ringtone from the phone " dudu , dududu , dudududu ". Yeah Al that sounds pretty crap to me, Looks like BT aint for me either, Looks like BT aint for me either, Looks like BT aint for me either. But then someone blew it on me instead.

I. Okay.

R. But it was also as if it was being blown from different angles.

I. Okay, yes.

R. It was a little fun. So instead, I do not know [indistinct, 12:10] associate with the others, but there they were very much as if they came right down from where this was a bit like getting a breath from the side, all depending on , yes, what a tone I do not know about, yes. So a little more something tone music like .

I. And this, that is, musical feeling and such "guess a song" thought is a lot because of the rhythm, and that it like that…?

R. Yes, clear rhythm.

I. Yes.

R. Yes, it came with that. Yes. It was much more rhythmic than that it was so continuous or " continuous ". So that with it came in such, yes, different tempo breath, yes.

I. And the idea of music is the one, that is, the first time you experience this stimulus, or is it more the way you think…

R. Yes, the first thing I thought was music, rhythm, I wonder what kind of one, yes, what kind of tone it is trying to make, ik ', where one could kind of imagine there that there is someone, who has tried to do, had to guess a song, and then I just say " dudu , dududu ", and then you have to see if you can guess it, right ? And then the next time I felt it, it started there thinking like, well, alarm on a phone. So maybe it's not a song, maybe it's just a "then it is now" - like . Yes. So I also think the music in it [indistinct mumble , 13:42] , is, yes, was a bit like that, it was not such a calm symphony, it was more like that, yes a bit violent, like "then you have to get up" - like feeling.

I. Okay. So that, well, it's a little bit funny with the connection between the music and the alarm tone in some way that something is happening.

R. Or such a football shout, such ” dudu dududu , now we have to win ”- like , I do not know…

I. Slagsange…

R. Slagsange! That's what the word is. Yes.

I. It's fat. If now you were to describe it to some others who have not experienced the same feeling before, what would you say to them?

R. Then I would say that they should imagine vibration on their phone, as such yes, an alarm vibration, which has a little more of a rhythm than just such "ah ah ah", but which is blown on your hand in different such, yes, on different edges so that it hits different places on the hand.

I. Yes.

R. Yes.

I. Exciting, exciting, yes. Yes. Are there any other things you think need to be said for this one?

R. It was as if the one I do not remember, whether it was the 1st or the 2nd that hit it like my fingers. Where it again tickled a little bit, but it was only one of the breaths. But I do not know if I just got my hand angled, for the other times, so, well then it did not come up to the fingers. But yes, I think as soon as I can feel it between the fingers, there is one like that, I do not know, a little more source or a little more sensitive skin.

I. And will you say, well, you said a lot that it was very mild, the one that was before

R. Yes

I. So number two. Would you say that this one was milder or?

R. No, it did not seem milder - it seemed wilder. No, I do not know if you can say that. But it seemed more powerful, yes. More powerful and then I also think it with the fact that it went from that there was something, and then all of a sudden there was not, so there was like those spaces where that you did not feel anything that so probably made a rhythm. It also made that when you then felt something that it was a little more powerful because you had just gone from zero to a hundred yes a few times.

I. So it's the quick shifts that…

R. The fast, yes. Yes, or not so fast that they slide over each other, ik ', but the fact that there just happens to be, the hand just manages in a short time to reset to not feel anything and then feel something, and then not to feel something and then feel something. It also made each, yes, breath a little more violent, maybe.

I. Okay.

R. Now I call it breathing, but it's funny, yeah.

I. You are very welcome to do so. You just have to do it. I think if you have nothing more to say to this?

R. Yes.

I. That we should then try a new one?

R. Yes, let's do it.
