R. Yes, okay.

I. What do you say to it?

R. What is the most immediate way to explain that feeling…? Let's use the expression that a feather runs over the hand, where it goes from the middle of the palm and then, yes, the equivalent of two fingers, and, yes, to the end of the hand. Yes, kind of like someone running a feather over their hand [indistinct, 13: 51-13: 55] . It is strange.

I. So now you say feathers over your hand. Is there anything else you want to relate it to, like this?

R. I can also put more words on, it's a static feather, to be very specific. So because it still has this electronic, or non-electronic…

I. Electrical…

R. Electric, yes, electric static, yes. It's a bit where you're ready to go and touch someone on the shoulder so they get a shock, that is det But yes. A little over in the spring. What else? A balloon that runs across, which is also static, is also an option that you just roam in a fun way with your whole hand.

I. But then, it's a lot with this static or electric somehow, such a bit…?

R. Yes, I think so.

I. How would you describe that feeling, that is, the feeling that…

R. It's a shiver . How the hell can you put it in a nice way? So when someone is breathing and you imagine that they sigh, no, or so imagine that they [indistinct word, 15:24] what is it, it's called… If you now chop a lot, when you must pronounce a word?

I. Tribes?

R. Stammer. Yes. So someone who breathes where they originate really much while they are at it. A little over in it. And then with a tiny bit of spice in the form of this static. Yes, it's like that, while breathing over one's hand from one end to the other. A little creepy . Let's not go that route. What else can it be…? What else can you compare this to? I think it is very specific, that is, within that one with someone running something over one's hand. It can be a thing called something like that, a movement where there is someone who actually honors one's hand, I would almost agree to that as well. You could also relate it to that. Such a slightly humid summer day, you know where to have a little too damp hands. But you do not feel that it is damp, it is that there, the feeling that it chops, as it would do with such two damp things.

I. So the fact that it chops makes like a difference to the sensation somehow, so if it did not chop, would you still say that it was damp?

R. No. I do not think. You could say it is very specific, because the humidity I will only take in relation to this with the fact that it chops, that is, it is difficult to make a continuous movement without it going to jump small, tiny tiny small steps very often. Yes. And then at the very end it also takes and goes back so that it ends at the end finger and makes a little breath down on where it started. Which is also a bit atypical. I'm trying to figure out what movement one can engage in if it is [indistinct, 17:13] . Yes, but moist would only be in relation to that with a surface that is moist, you run your hand inwards while you are still moist, it is not like you are wet, it is just that "summer moist" - it's so hard to describe!

I. Maybe the dew, or…

R. Yes. Something where you do not slip at least, but chop across the surface, yes. Huge siding to try to explain it, that's for sure.

I. Again, with the explanation you just came up with, would you explain that… How would you explain this experience to someone who has not tried it before?

R. Then I will go with the feather.

I. With the feather.

R. Static feather. Everyone knows how a static feather feels, so it's super easy to relate to. At least you know what you're talking about if you try, and you have said "static feather", I'm sure. To begin with, they probably will not know what it is that it is all about. And alternatively, it might be a more cuddly feeling, one should try to describe where it is here with "imagine , I run my hand over yours". Then they would be one more, or markedly easier to understand, yes, it would. [indistinct, 18:28 ]… feather , it may well be, it's a stupid way. I think the other makes sense, yes.

I. Super. Is there anyone, like, the first time you felt this stimulus, is there a difference between that experience and then the last one?

R. The last one? Yes, first static feather, and the last one I'm a little more over in the damp hand. So immediate thought is feathers, and then you close your eyes, and then you are like "Ah, okay, it's not often, I sit but a feather over my own hand that is static". I have to play with that when I get home. But yes, so it changes a little more from the abstract, I think I will call it, to something a little more realistic, or more real, the feeling is more real. And very specific, ik '. But you can say that there is a little room for what you can connect it to, anyway. Yes.

I. Are there any other things you think should be…?

R. There came that weak shiver again in the hand, so I think it kind of depends on my assumption that it is a constant stimulus , that is, that there are no breaks in between, that it may help to do , that one feels more shivering in the hand than if it is the shorter experiences. Yes. [indistinct, 19: 52-19: 55 ]… relatively quickly at the break.

I. Cool. Are we going to try one more?

R. Let's do it.
