R. Yes, you just became a little boy there again. Well, well, what is it I feel? I feel one, a calm [indistinct, 20:49] , I think I will call it, a circle drawn in the palm of my hand, which brings me a little over in when you were a little boy, and you played with little cars that one had made some racetrack for, and then they could fly away. And so always, when it's that you had the same in the middle, it was big brother or my big sister who built the track, you always got bored in some corner and sat and drove around with one of these cars in the palm of your hand. the wheels. Very identical. Also over in still this semi-static, but it's because of that, yes, damp palm, but you have had it when you have sat there and enjoyed. Yes. Very much so. I do not even know what else can you do? Then there are the old skateboards you got at the dentist too, if you ride one like that around the palm of your hand in a circle. I must have had a very big hand as a boy.

I. So you say circle. A sense of circle. Are there other words you would put on to be able to describe this stimulus?

R. So that… What can you say if you imagine you draw a zero in your hand or something like that, it's a roadway, a… I'm still very much over there with some little cheap toy car, one has been sitting and driving around in the palm of the hand in circles because that was what one had imagination for. Other words…? I think well enough, it's difficult. I think they are all so hard to put into words… Yes, I am currently sitting straight and drawing O's in my hand to try to recreate that experience. It's actually relatively close to feeling the same way as when you do it, except I'm not as static, but otherwise it's very close. If I were to explain it to someone who has not tried it before, I still think I would drive with me sitting and driving a toy car around in my hand. And if people have not sat and tried to drive a toy car around in the hand, then yes, what else have people sat with, if you have sat like a primary school boy, it may be very good, and you have had a little trouble holding on even concentrated, and you have had a little too much energy, so you usually have such a flour bun, you sat and pressed around. Something that gives a constant new experience in the palm of your hand, and you can describe it here a bit, as if it has the same quality, then. Yes, it may be that you have to get it into some primary schools, where it can make circles on people.

I. So maybe a little fidget-spinner-like … [indistinct, overlap, 23:32]

R. Yes, but not over at all, so it is this one that you have something to direct your thoughts on, something you let yourself be focused on, a rhythm that you can just let yourself be controlled by. Yes. It is much more powerful than, for example, the feather, which was there just before. I think it's because there is a shorter break between each interval, or else it just stands heavier for one in such memory… Yes, a car drives around in the palm of the hand, that, yes.

I. That car you're talking about. Is there a difference from, that is, emotional difference from, when you remember back to the car, to now, with this circular stimulus?

R. No, I still want to say, it's the same one that like [indistinct, 24:36]

I. So it's exactly the same feeling?

R. Yes, I would almost say that. So right with that little hint of static, so if you imagine you had one of those cars you could pull up, … [indistinct, 24:44] let it spin the wheels around while you drove it around in your hand, then it's like one-on-one. I almost think so.

I. Is there anything else you want to say to this stimulus?

R. It was fun. Funny [indistinct word, 25:07] . I really have a hard time putting it in context with something if one were to use it, other than that it's pretty good at distracting.

I. If you say it's funny, then what is it that makes it funny compared to the other stimuli you've felt?

R. I think it's because it's the very first where I've felt it was a constant. It is more of a shiver than a feeling that something is there. So the next one, that was where we had the vibration. Where one can say that because the vibration is very easily recognizable in relation to what one would set it up against, and this one of driving a feather across where one can say that the feather is [indistinct, 25:49] from the outside , so that is, is it the boyfriend? Is it flirting or what? Because the context you can put it into that is in the process of cuddling [very indistinctly, 25: 53-25: 57] or what do I know? So this one, it is not / really [26:00] a feeling of something you yourself would sit and do in someone, yes… Then drive around again on the hand, yes. I do not know, [indistinct, 26:15] more such familiar, I think, I felt. From when I was five years old - very specifically.

I. Yes. So that's a lot of that thought you have in your head about the car, maybe that makes it a little more fun than the others?

R. 100 percent. Well, that's the fun, it's the memory when you were five years old and driving a car around in your hand that was very big in your hand, immediately.

I. Cool. So if that's what you think should be said to it, then we'll just try the last one, I think.

R. The last one?
