R. Okay, completely different experience. It's very funny. Well, it gives a little more thought to the old Nokia 3310 when it rings, where that, well, a little more breathable feeling, where it actually actually feels as if you [indistinct part of the sentence, because the interviewee talks fast and mumbles, 07:23] And I think it's the difference that you, what can you call it, that there are eight vibrations, I think, per stimuli, where that the difference, when there is this little stop, does , that one can feel that "hoof, things are happening". But yes, very, very realistic. There is something vibrating in the hand and it could very well be a phone. Still the same point with the ring finger right at the knuckle on the underside.

I. So you say it's like a phone vibration?

R. Yes, if you could send an SMS, or it's a call or an alarm going on, and so, had I closed my eyes, then I would have tried to stop it. It's pretty heavy, the one there. Like, not abstract, if one is to take the reverse, here it is very specific in that part. And yes, I do not know if one plays computer games, so the old PlayStation and their vibration, it could also have, is also very similar. That's right… yes.

I. Are there any other things besides such phone vibration / notifications that you want to associate it with?

R. Yes, there was PlayStation and joystick and the connection of what can you say you are sitting inside a wall with a car if you play GTA, more over in that part. Yes, and so those completely insane rings that could give people shocks are similarly also very relevant here. Hahaha ! In fact, very specifically also over in that experience, you could say that. Wild form, or a wilder form of ringtone. Otherwise no, then I can not think of anything. Immediately.

I. Do you want to say that… Now you say that you associate it with something, now that it becomes sonar and something like that, does it make you have such a little, maybe you are negative about the stimulus itself ?

R. When , you think in relation to that part? No, not necessarily. There are some things, or something like that, where you want to say that you want to, because it is a stress factor if you associate it with your alarm, or depending on your mood then your phone or a ringtone. Conversely, if you already have the connection to the controller, which I also have, well then it is also a kind of, what can you say, a completely acceptable part when you sit in the middle of a game where it is an extra, what is called such a thing, yes an extra layer of the game you are playing. Yes, so it can be both things you can say, if [clearly, 10:10] now it's some noise, then is it may not be the coolest, but at the same time it is silent. I would like to give that. It tends to be the most annoying, it's the sound that comes with it. So no, I actually do not think I'm negative on that front because it's kind of soundless. It is very nice. I think the negative feeling I would have of it, it would come from the sound. 100 percent.

I. Okay.

R. So, very neutral, very neutral. Yes.

I. It makes sense in my head.

R. Yes. Now I also think like that, of course when I wear hearing protection, I can not hear how much it vibrates.

I. Are there, well, now you say, again, alarm, notifications. Is this also the image you would like to use to describe it to some others who…

R. This one? It would depend on what people have done. If I had to explain it to my boyfriend, I would go with the phrase that says "it's like when a phone rings, it's like when the alarm goes off, you just do not hear it". So you could say it's the quiet wake-up call, so if one should wake up and the other should not, then it's a very smart idea. And if I had to explain it to a friend, well then I think maybe I would drive with “it's a bit like sitting and playing GTA or yes, something similar, you also know something like Crash Bandicoot , where you have to smash a box ”, that this is the experience you just want to have. Yes. So two vastly different, depending on who one was to explain to, it [indistinct, 11:44]

I. Yes.

R. Two different " use cases" also [?, 11:46]

I. Cool. Are there any other things you are thinking?

R. No, it's not there.

I. Do you still have such a post-sensation of the stimulus , as you had at the first?

R. That was a really good question. I want to say no, I think the only one I have, it's right in the little finger, and I think it's now only because you have it raised, the hand. It feels as if that experience itself is more gone now than it was to begin with. And it may have been, it was because of the first one before the experiment, it just kind of left some marks and so [indistinct, 12:25] . So maybe I'm just accepting how it feels. It can be. No, how funny (whispered) .

I. It's good you accept it.

R. I'm happy about that.

I. But if there is nothing else, then we should not try to take the next one again?

R. Jo.
