I. Super. Cool.

R. Okay.

I. What do you think about this stimulus?

R. Yes, at first there is such a thing that feels a bit like it hits the same point as the first round, so yes by the ring finger, but down by, I do not know what to call it, the knuckle joint? And with other stimuli, I'm a little in doubt as to whether it's actually moving or not. And by the third, there I'm kind of a little more like that over in that it's just is a constant feeling the same point. Does it really vary in strength at all? I think…

I. It should like to be the same like this through the three different ones

R. No, but I did not think through in between [indistinct, 01:24] I thought one replay. I just came to think if that could be why I actually felt like it was moving on the one, if it was because there was a varying strength [indistinct, 01:30] I think it's the same point, Yes.

I. And how, then, if you were to think back to some of the experiences you have had in your life, is there anything you would like to associate with this stimulus?

R. With something specific, that feeling?

I. Mhm .

R. I do not think that is exactly the point where you hit there… Now I sit and try to imitate it. No, I can not think of that. Nothing like that.

I. So it's a little weird, something new, something you have not tried before at least?

R. Emotionally, yes, one could say that when it is so specific one place, I think I will call it, or I think it feels as if it was very specific one place. A fun place. No, I will not be able to compare it, but you can easily, so there is no doubt that there is something somewhere.

I. The feeling you just have the place where you are touched, is it something specific, or is it like that?

R. It's such a semi-vibrating sensation, I think I would call it. So I would almost compare it to you being breathed without you noticing you are being breathed, but you have the whole emotional experience of what happens effectively if you remove air, like something that carries cold and moisture or heat with it . So little that experience I think is the most specific.

I. So there is not, well, the temperature becomes constant?

R. Yes.

I. So there is like nothing.

R. Yes, then you are just left with the feeling that someone is breathing on you, but you can not feel the air hitting. But it's a bit of it. Yes… I think it's the one there very specific. Very specific. And then a kind of shiver at the same time at the point we are touched. I do not know if you can connect it with… So, it is close to such a vibration-like experience if you have a controller in hand. Yes. But it is not at the point that one gets hit, but a little faintly around the circle. Yeah, that's a little weird. Hard to describe.

I. If now you were to describe it to someone who has not tried this Mid -air haptics before…

R. How would I describe this experience?

I. Yes.

R. At some points I think it has a bit over in that you get power from such a tiny battery, or something like that, you feel this kind of shiver with a variation that someone is breathing, but you can do not feel the air. It is very specific, ie exactly that experience. What else can you compare it to? So kind of like if you got a jet of water in a specific place, but more like that came… fewer things that kind of affect you in relation to all this with no heat, no cold, nothing… There is just a shiver and a feeling of contact with something that is not there. Yes.

I. So a bit of an abstract feeling in some way, that is, that you can not relate it to anything before?

R. Only… Yes, if one takes, if I were to try to relate it to the most specific I could, then I would use a wording a la “you get light shock, with 9 volts or something like that, while you has a breathing sensation where no one is breathing ”. Yes. So very abstract.

I. Is there anything else you come up with that you would like to say about this stimulus?

R. Primarily the trembling experience that is still in hand after, I think. But it's still not at all to the point where one's like got, well, what's such a thing, [indistinct, 05:36] stimulus, been stimulated, so now I described it as if it was by my ring finger, but at the knuckle joint on the inside of the hand, I think I called it so the palm and not the back of the hand, but one still has such a half-shaking sensation out at all one's inner joint on, well, not really one's thumb, but the remaining four fingers where it a little started a feeling around the finger and a little at the little finger and a little at the index finger [very mumbling, high tempo and indistinct, 06: 00-06: 05] . Less at the index finger and thumb.

I. Exciting.

R. Harry Potter magic, this.

I. Cool. If there is nothing else you think…

R. No.

I.… then I think we're trying to take the next stimulus.

R. Yes, let's do it.

I. And see what you say to it.
