I. What do you say to that?

R. There is a pattern that unfolds. I think I would describe it as a zig saw , let's call it a zebra. It's still in the very static, we can not escape it. Yeah Al that sounds pretty crap to me, Looks like BT aint for me either. "D d , d d , d d , d d " (imitates the feeling) It's so funny [indistinct, 28:28] such a wave, I do not know completely, a zig zag pattern running across the hand? I do not really have anything I can compare it to [the respondent goes on to say something very vague, 28: 34-28: 39] . Not at all. It's a very abstract feeling, this. I can not help but think about the last feeling, whether there was something W and something Z involved in relation to the pattern that was running. And then I can not quite put the first one in what it should have been, the first bar, I think I will call it. Yes. But very specifically at least, one can feel how it runs across the palm. Starts from the middle, runs down to the bottom, and then it takes off, well, I still do not know what it's called, the top of the palm? Before the fingers start? And then drives up in a zig zag pattern up the remaining four fingers. So you know something's going on.

I. Something is going on.

R. Yes, something is happening. The shiver - I do not have it at all anymore. It's not something I notice anymore. No. It is still such a very static experience. So not static as in stationary static, more an electrical sensation.

I. You say abstract again, is it again something that is kind of a little indescribable in some way, or something like that…

R. I do not have an emotional, what can one say, "this I have tried before" or "this was like" or "this, this was some very specific, one-to-one point of reference in it" , so it will be, if you have to, if I had to try to explain what it is my hand was just exposed to, no, then it will be very abstract narrative, because that I can not put it in " when , but it was just like back then, where that "or" do you know it, that you have of course tried this and that and that ". And I do not know if I should envy the person who has tried this very similar before, or if I should be worried. It's a very funny, very abstract feeling.

I. But are there any things you would like to connect to anyway? So, is it positive, is it pleasant, is it weak, is it something in that major?

R. I do not quite think I have the big… I am is very neutral person, I must unfortunately admit, at some points. You can say, the uncertain, when you feel it for the first time, is always such a kind of "what happened there?", "What was I exposed to?", Where you can say when you are hit by it. second or third time, but then it's now with one, by the third time it's a kind of cocaine-like , that's, you just get your kick there, and you are like “uh, that was weird, let us try it again ”. So you can say, it's a very interesting experience, I'm quite sure, because this, it's so abstract to me like understanding what I've been exposed to, this here it's also such a kind of Can I try it again? I do not understand at all what is happening. " But if I had to put something on and take to saying, is this positive, negative? I think I'm too curious to say it's a negative thing. I also know, yes, now I have described it as if it was almost dopamine you release along the way, but it is such a… yes…

I. So it's a little exciting?

R. Yes, it's exciting. It's a strange thing I can not quite understand. When it's just specific, what you feel, and the only thing you can say, the only thing I experience, I have nothing visual, I have nothing to assume, then that's exactly how I want not gang, but "what the hell is going on there?"

I. Now positive and negative are also a spectrum in some way, so it's like…

R. So if we take zero to ten, then I think I would put it on a six or a seven , around. Because I'm not completely neutral, I think there's something that's a little weird, because I want to try it again. And it's not because I'm torturing myself, I'm kind of acknowledged that. Although one would almost believe it with the static there. But yes, I do not know. I have not been the child or boy who has stuck batteries in his mouth, do not worry. So we're not over there, it's not an abuse I'm doing.

I. Okay. You also say a little that it's hard to describe, but now I'm asking you anyway. How would you say, or how would you describe it to someone who has not tried this before?

R. Yes, this is just a pause for thought, this. Ah , the easiest… An even smaller feather? Where you sit and have fun with your girlfriend and she thinks it's fun to drive around in your hand? Some atypical pattern, where it is that she has a logic in connection with what she thinks should be drawn or written by hand. Now I got a bit of this W-, Z- like thoughts, and it's probably something completely fourth, but that would be the most straightforward way to describe the experience. And then there is the other way of describing it: “I do not know what just happened to my hand. I did not see anything. ” Yes. That would be the most (…) [indistinct, 34:24]

I. Are there any other things you think you want to say about this one?

R. I dare not try it on the back of my hand. Eh, hahahaha (the respondent has laughed a lot along the way, but here it is extra loud and long to emphasize the irony in the comment) No, it is not there.

I. Is there anything like this in general you would say about these stimuli, like this if you now think back on…

R. Sum them all into one? Maybe a little over in it? Well, what are my main points? Yes, very static, semi-stuttering experience of someone trying to breathe on one. But where you do not feel heat or cold to the same degree, unless it is by braking in it, then you can get it half-cool after, because it is still air, or feels as if you are breathing. A faint form of tremor at the more continuous ones, but if there are short pauses between stimuli, then it is diminished, that experience, for me, at least to a stage where I do not think about it myself. While they know the longer, well then I will start by thinking that it all vibrates extra much, as if you almost, yes, get power to the hand to a very small degree. Yes, you almost get the mind up to 3 ½ volts for what, how much… one and a half amps or something. Not to be very specific, but… yes. And if it's not in relation to that air, then it's a feeling that these, well, semi-humid touches are not a smooth movement. I sit and try to draw in the air what that means. Imagery must be the rest.

I. Yes, that's how it is.	

R. That's what I think.

I. Cool. But if you have nothing else to say, then I will press "stop recording".

R. Yes, that's fine.

