R. Yes.

I. That was it. What do you think?

R. So this was, it still felt a bit like a breath, but this time it moved from the bottom of the hand, up through the palm and then to the two middle fingers, and there it was more like, it feels more like vibrations. Well, there were such small rapid vibrations where the breath was. Now I call it just breathed to be able to describe it. So it feels more or there was such small vibrations along the palm.

I. Yes. Now you say the little vibrations, is it something you've tried before that you kind of got this feeling?

R. I think so. I'm not quite sure it does not feel completely unfamiliar, or such. Yes.

I. Is there a particular thing that comes to mind when you think of this feeling?

R. No, not immediately, no. Well, it feels so… How the hell… If you have a very old car where you turn on the engine and such the whole car shakes. So, it's kind of like the feeling of vibrations in a material. Yes. But this is so much more local, right? So, if you touched a material that vibrated, then it would be the whole hand that vibrated, ik ', but like this it was very local and small vibrations. Yes.

I. If you were to describe it to someone else, would you use these gentle vibrations again, or would you try to describe it in a different way to someone who has not tried it before?

R. Yes, I think such small vibrations up along the palm. Yes, I think that's my best bet. Yes, so that the breath moves, but the small vibrations are like where the breath is, or something like that. They follow as if breathing.

I. In relation to the second stimulus you had tried just before, that is, the one that was there dotted line-like - how would you relate this to it? Like in relation to, is it more comfortable? A little tired, right?

R. So, the other feels more natural like a gust of wind, and this feels more like such still a gust of wind, but as if there is something like that, you put something that vibrated up against the hand, which you then moved. But there was not the feeling of touching the hand, that is, so it was still such a feeling of gust of wind, but where the vibrations then moved along with. And it does not feel natural, so it was not a feeling of, "now I experience something, something I would naturally experience in everyday life", ie where the other was more like, feels like if you got air breathed on your hand, or something like that , it feels more like a natural feeling, where I never think I would experience this “in real life”, or anything like that. Yes.

I. Are there any other things that come to mind?

R. Yes, I think it was a little wider than the other. So, so the other was such a narrow airflow, which, well, it's not so good on sound to show, but this from here, where this one went like two, yes so the whole… Yes, so if you say that it second was the width of one finger, then the width of this three fingers was across the palm. And then of course it was a different direction, so where the first one went from the little finger to the thumb, then it went here from the bottom of the hand up to the top of, or the bottom of, the middle fingers. Yes.

I. Cool. Yes. But if there is no more than that, then should we try one more stimulus?

R. I could just say that in terms of comfort, the first one was more comfortable because it was so natural, felt natural, where it was a little more so unnatural, so you have to accept that it is not such a natural feeling. For one to begin to feel comfortable with it, I think.

I. So you would say that naturalness is easier to feel like being comfortable? Because you kind of know what it is, right?

R. No, not necessarily. It's just that it's easier to associate with, or it's easier to think like, 'Well, this is what I know,' so you don't have to think about it as much, or anything like that.

I. So it's more the thing about having a relationship with it in some way that makes it easier?

R. Yes, or just that you should not think like that about "what is happening now?", "Is this dangerous or strange?" or such. One is more accepting of the first, I think. If you did not know what it was you were doing. Or if you did not know it was a machine that did it, right? Yes.

I. Yes, then you would say that it was a little creepy that it was a machine that kind of touched one, or does it depend on what kind of stimuli it is like being played?

R. Yes, okay, I can also try to say it another way. If I came walking down the street and suddenly got a feeling that there was a gust of wind in my palm, then I would like "Well, but where does the gust of wind come from?" If I suddenly got the feeling that it was vibrating, like here number two, like this up through the palm of my hand, then I would be like a little more “What's going on? Is there something wrong with my hand? ” So it's such a different feeling, a different association you get with this one than you got with the first one.

I. Okay, super.

R. Yes, I think it was.

I. Cool. Then we have to try the next thing here and see what happens there.

R. Yes. I'm wearing earmuffs.

I. That's nice.
