I. Perfect. Then you have to take them off. What do you think immediately?

R. Well then, it feels as if there was something a bit like a feather running like that across the palm from the base of the little finger to the base of the thumb. But it was such a bit in jerks, so it does not feel quite like such continuous movement, but more like such small… And then it also feels more like such a gust of wind than it feels like a feather.

I. So something between a feather and a gust of wind, would you say it was?

R. Yes. A bit like such a fan in a public toilet, where if you move your hand, you can feel the pressure in different places on your hand.

I. Well that sounds very exciting. If you were to relate it to something you've experienced before in your life, would you say 'well, but it was this fan', or would you use something completely different there?

R. Yes, if you took a bicycle pump and pumped air out, and then pumped the air out so that it was from like this over your hand while you exhaled the air, then it is such a bit of a feeling that the air is moving over the hand.

I. Yes.

R. Yeah, it was kind of a little different because there were some small jerks like that and not like that… It was still a continuous movement, but it does not feel completely continuous now, or something like that. It still feels like it was small bites. Yes.

I. So it's not quite continuous, but still such some small breaths in certain places on the hand?

R. Yes. And it's a bit, if you did it with a bicycle pump, for example, then it would feel completely continuous, but this it feels very continuous, but still not completely.

I. More like a dotted line, almost? Or what?

R. Yes, a very closely dotted line. That is, where you can still just see that it is dotted.

I. If you were to describe it to, that is, how it feels, to someone who has not tried this device before. What would you say?

R. It feels a bit like such either a feather being jerked across the palm from the base of the little finger to the base of the thumb, or also the gust of wind going the same way. So such a strange combination of the two.

I. Cool. Is there such a thing, that is… Did it feel different the first time you felt it versus the third time? Is there such a development in it?

R. I think, the first time I was very aware of "how does it feel", where the third time I tried to just accept it and be a little more "it's okay", like "it feels okay". So I think, the third time there was such a little more empathy and there I was more like "maybe it's a feather moving over the hand", where the first time I was very like "what happens and how each breath feels ? ”- like. Yes, so I think at first I had more of such an analytical approach, whereas at third it was more like a feeling of "how does this feel?"

I. Is there anything else you would like to comment on?

R. No, I do not think so, no.

I. Would you describe it as being perhaps pleasant or uncomfortable, or?

R. Yes, it was very pleasant, it was not so uncomfortable.

I. So a little okay?

R. Yes. It was not like I felt uncomfortable.

I. That sounds nice. We are not going to do that on a morning like this. Cool. But if there is nothing more you want to say, then we can try the next stimulus.

R. Okay.

I. I'm thinking. So if you put the headphones on again, then…
