R. Yes.

I. What do you say to it?

R. This, it was like that… Now I call it wind blowing again, but it was like wind blowing like that directly in the palm of my hand. Yes, and then there was that feeling of vibration again. As there was also in number two. Which is like… Yes, I found out here now, so in another question that asked you if there was an object or something I had been thinking about, and I realized now because this feeling is familiar that it is because two years ago I bought a PlayStation controller, which I put to my computer and played games, where when I then died in the game or was hit in the game, it also vibrated. And the feeling, it was this feeling very similar. Yes. So such PlayStation controller Haptics. So I've tried it before. I simply could not figure out what it was I had…

I. That's fine. It's completely fine.

R. Yes. But it's funny because this feeling, it was much more strongly associated with it with controller haptics than the others, that is, because I did not think about it before. And I think so too, because the controller I have is not super good, but that's why it's so local that you felt in the middle of the palm that it vibrated, and it was the same way. That you got a gust of wind in the middle of the palm, but saw that vibration feeling there too. So the first thing I thought about was "now I died in the game" because I got this feeling of vibration. So I have like an association with that this feeling of vibration in the middle of the palm as such a breath, or so what can you say, as such a tingle in the palm, but also with that feeling of vibration, it is when you gets hit in the game. So there I have an association of "now I die in this game", ik '.

I. And it is a…

R. But it feels like such a dot in the middle of the palm, this one where that the other feels more like a vibration in the whole palm.

I. And you would relate it to this PlayStation controller and stuff like that?

R. Yes. It's not a PlayStation, it's a what it's called, X-Box controller, but ...

I. Same same. (English)

R. Yes. But that also means that in that questionnaire I have actually tried Haptics before. I wrote "never", but…

I. Jaaa, but not [indistinct word, 25:37]

R. Okay, that was [indistinct mumble, 25:39] Okay, fine. But yes, there were such small vibrations, and then it was in such small intervals at one second intervals, maybe half a second? It's hard to judge now where that… I did not speak it, but there were at least such small breaths at intervals, maybe half a second intervals. Yes. And then there were those small vibrations, which were very fast, but as such felt like vibrations in the middle of the palm.

I. Does it remind you of anything other than the PlayStation controller? What do you think?

R. Yes, so it feels as if you took a finger and dotted in the middle of the palm, but there is not in the same way a pressure. Well, it's not because… [mumble, 26:47] If I press with my finger, then I can feel that I press like that up against the palm, so it just feels like there is someone doing such a dot without press against the palm of your hand with one finger for example. And then there are those extra vibrations. So if we said my finger was vibrating and I then pressed against the middle of the palm, then it would feel like that.

I. Is that also what you want to say when you have to describe it to someone else? That you like "my finger vibrates, I stick in the palm" -like?

R. Yes, I think that would actually describe very well that way, yes. I do not know exactly how to describe my finger vibrating, but such if you had something similar to a finger vibrating, which then tingled to your palm at such intervals. No, it might not be, it's not half a second. One tenth of a second apart.

I. Cool.

R. Yes, I think that's the best.

I. Are there any other things you want to say about this stimulus?

R. Yeah, well, both like this the first one before we started the experiment, and this one like that trying to hit around here? And I wondered if it was like that… So for me it felt like it was further up than actually the middle. Well, it was like that, if you imagine the middle of the palm, then it was like an inch higher up. And when I say louder, I mean up to the middle fingers. It's just to say that it's not like that in the middle of the palm, but like that a little over. Yes.

I. That sounds very true. Cool. Should we try one last?

R. Uh, yeah, we can do that.
