R. Yes, this one was much weaker. Weaker… Well, it was a bit like a gust of wind again, but not so much at all. So, there was less pressure. Pressure is also a bad word. [Unclear, 30: 24-30: 26] So, there was less wind per unit of time. Yes, so the others were such a little more, there was such a strong gust of wind, and this was such a weaker gust of wind. Yes, I think that's the best way to describe it.

I. So it is very much in relation to the others, ie the previous stimuli, that it is weaker than them?

R. Yes, there is like less gust of wind. And then, well then it was like that in the middle of the palm, maybe a little up. I was not quite sure. And then it was continuous. So where the others have kind of either moved in small jerks, like dotted lines that we talked about, so this one was just like that, feels like such a continuous gust of wind in just over the middle of the palm. Yes, there was a little bit of vibration, I felt. But not much. And if you did not think about it so actively, then you would not notice it. But there was a little bit of vibration, I felt. And then, well then, it was more like continuous that there was just a little bit all the time. As if you have a window open and there is draft or something, so there was such a constant wind current that you can feel. But funnily enough not cold or hot. There are none of them here, so usually when you think of a gust of wind, then it is, it has a different heat than the surroundings. And there is no heat difference with them here. So that way, wind blowing might not be the best. But that's the way it is. So there is no heat difference with these. Yes. So such a move without it being cold. And… Continuous… Yes, is continuously fine, or should one use another word for it?

I. I think that's just fine.

R. Okay. But yeah, I do not know exactly what to associate it with. Because like that, it's rare to get such a continuous gust of wind in one specific place. Usually it is such a thing, then you can feel that there is some wind coming from an area, and then you feel it like this on the whole body, or you can also stick your hand into the wind flow, or that it on someone or other way is such a more holistic experience where this was such a specific place and I do not think so I have experienced in the same way.

I. Do you want to say that this one is more exciting than the other stimuli you have experienced, or? So, you want to give such a…

R. No, there was not as much power on, so it was not as sensational, or such. It was like not, you just thought "Well, there is a little wind in the hand", or something like that. It was not because you thought about it like that… I would not say it is natural either, but it was also like that, it was just, I was very accepting that it was there.

I. That sounds nice.

R. Yes. Well, but it's also just, I think I would well be able to have it in hand, without… So, I could well have a conversation while I had it in hand without being so disturbed. Where I think if I had a conversation and the others started all of a sudden, I would be like, "Hey, what's up now?" And that was not really the case with this one. Yes.

I. Is there anything you think one could use such a stimulus for? So… both from a technological perspective, but also like this, what is it that it kind of does in you that you kind of can, has this stimulus?

R. May I [indistinct, 35:12]

I. You are welcome to do so.

R. So, now I have tried with a controller, and it is insanely cool, so the gaming experience is so much cooler, because you get such an intuitive feeling of "now something happens that I need to be extra aware of". So in terms of controllers, I think it's really cool. And I really want to buy PlayStation 5, and it has a new Haptic technology, which should be such that it vibrates in certain places in the hand, depending on what you do in the game. So it seems like it's that way, so really integrated a lot. And I think that really means something to the gaming experience. So in that regard, I think. How to use it in other respects? Uh… So the thing about being able to get someone to ae your hand, I think it can somehow be useful. And I do not know if it should be a nursing home or something, but something like that, where you get a feeling that there is someone who is like your fingers or your hand, or… That there is something like care know that there is someone who gives such a feeling that one honors the hands. And as humans, we are very much so preoccupied with our hands, or so, our hands and our face get a lot of space in the brain, so to speak. So if you can somehow stimulate your hands, then it may be that you can be happy. That it can trigger some happiness substances in the brain or something. So I think that might be an option too. Otherwise, it could be such a thing as meditation. So, where you sit in a tailor's position, and then you have your hands placed so that they are over Haptics and then like that in connection, let's now say, you have earmuffs on, and then you hear some bird sounds and such, and then you can hear that there is something, a small animal, in the bush, and if you can at the same time feel that now the leaves are moving, that is, because you get such a feeling of wind blowing in your hands. It could also be a way to give such a 5D experience, rather than "just" listening, but that you also get a feeling that you are actually on your body.

I. Yes.

R. Yes. Then you could, you could use it for such elite athletes, who must be very aware of such at least something. So if you said that I had my hand, and you suddenly saw, then you could feel a little vibration in the little finger, that then you had to react quickly, if you could feel it, or something like that. Or you should do a test where you said "now you get a stimulus on a random finger, and then you have to type in, just like with the other hand, what kind of finger on the first hand", and then you can on a somehow test the coordination of the brain halves. Or that you visually see something, and then you have to get a simulation in hand that matches what you see visually. So, I come up with ideas, and to see them flush it out, it's really fun. You can also, that is, imperment [?, 39:29]… What is it called in Danish? So, if you are such a "numb", or…

I. Yes, exactly, if one has such numbness in the hands, or…

R. Yes, then you can just test "where is it?" and “is it only on physical touch?”, that is, because throughout this experiment, there has been a difference in how physical touch feels and how they feel here. Because this feels more like such a gust of wind with vibrations, where physical touch feels more like such pressure and the feeling of skin to skin. And it can well be two different associations, and you can then possibly test it, by such an imperment , ie numbness in the hand. Other stuff…? I do not know if it can work both ways, but if it could, then instead of having those VR controllers there when you are in VR space, you could have some Haptic down under you, so it's like being able to use your hands without having to have anything in your hands. Yeah, and then it could be insanely cool if it was a keyboard. That is, if one could just sit and write like that in the air. Yes, and that would be really cool, like, now it can see where my hand is, so yes like that so the experiment still works regardless of where my hand is. But if it was a keyboard where it could see what my finger was pressing, but then there was also a response from the Mid-air-haptic machine, then when I pressed down with my index finger on some key in " virtual keyboard space ”, then it would send a vibration back, that now it had felt that I had pressed the key. And you could also use that in games, where the keys instead of being a keyboard would be "go forward" or "shoot" or something like that. But that you then get a response that you have made one print in this virtual space.

I. It makes insanely good sense, yes.

R. Because normally, if you type on a keyboard, then you can feel that there is the normal force that just goes up in the finger, right?

I. Yes, and there are a lot of people who care a lot about which keyboard and which power and all these things.

R. Yeah, I just bought a mechanical keyboard, so I'm… It's cool, yeah. Yes, so such a kind of response to actions. And I really think, with the ones I've tried now, also in the beginning, that it felt that way. That the response time is relatively good. So if it could get even better, such that one could type quickly with the fingers or play fast in a game, then it would be really cool to get such a response. What else could it be used for…? Yeah Al that sounds pretty crap to me, Looks like BT aint for me either. If one could have vibrations of several frequencies at the same time, as such went in over each other, where that one went in thirds and the other went in quarters or something. Then you could also, yes maybe play music by hand, so you both heard the music, but also got the bassline in hand or the guitar solo in hand, or, yes, I do not know, that might be simpler than the guitar solo, but such that you got the music in your hands too. So one not only had an auditory understanding of music, but also had an emotional… or a bodily sensation. And it could provide a greater holistic experience.

I. Cool.

R. I was curious about… So, did you say that it was like, what can you say, ultrasound?

I. It's ultrasound, yes.

R. If I now put the ear down to and you set it to max, or something, would I then get a sore ear?

I. Yes.

R. Okay.

I. So, they… That's why you have headphones on, for example, because you like, well you can hear that there is some interference in it. And if it's a single point, then it's not that loud, but if it's, for example, those random stimuli there, it uses a lot, that is, you can really hear that it comes into play. So… You should not be able to hear it, but you can hear it.

R. No, but it's also just, I think like that with what the hell is it called, those machines in the hospital, where they also send radiation, that is, which hits something.

I. [overlap, indistinct, 45:17]

R. Yes, but also in relation to cancer or such that there is radiation that hits the same point, right? Where that the individual beam is not bad, but then at that point there is like a node, and there I was just curious if it is only at the node that the sound is loud, or if it is also me sitting here next to where the sound is loud.

I. So, I think it gets worse and worse the closer you get to the hub. I do not think you should keep your ear inside the node. And so, I've been sitting next to that device for quite some time, where it's kind of played, because I've documented something like that for it. And I have not had any problems with hearing after that, I can say. So, there are a few things that are also something that you want to stimulate the lips for example, but there you have to take really good care of the eyes, so that you do not like to hit the eyes very much. Because it's probably not that good. Nor the teeth for that matter. So you have to be a little careful about where you kind of stimulate her.

R. Yes. But then, if it's sound, then it's like, well, longitudinal waves…

