R. Yes. This again feels a bit like breathing, but this time it was not like it went from one place to another, it was more like small fast movements that went like that in lines. So that way one could go, yes from one place on the palm to another place, and then it starts like from scratch and goes from another place to a new place. That is, so that there are several different lines along the hand . And I could not quite decipher whether there was a pattern, that is, that there should be a cross, or whether it drew something like that specifically, but to me it seemed most as if it were just such random lines along the hand. But where one could so clearly feel that there was a line, and then there was a new line. And then it went relatively fast between the lines, where the other two have been so slower, then it was here so faster and yes, they moved faster, the lines. And again, these would mean that you have to spend for these processes. But not a strong gust of wind, more such a… Nor a feather… How the hell should one say that? Well, I could clearly feel there was such a feeling that there was a line. Yes, I… A very light gust of wind maybe, but then so thinner than the width of a finger. So this time it is maybe, I do not know, the width of a pencil, maybe even smaller than that, and then faster, and then such a random stroke over. Yeah Al that sounds pretty crap to me, Looks like BT aint for me either, Looks like BT aint for me either, Looks like BT aint for me either, Looks like BT aint for me either. Well, there was no such feeling of touch at any point.

I. What is missing for it to be touched in relation to a gust of wind? What is the difference between the two things?

R. (long pause for thought) Yes, it's hard to explain, but I think, first of all, I kind of think there's no pressure. So, if you give someone a hand, or something, then you can feel that there is such a pressure, and it is not there in the same way. It's like something that just kind of tingles to the hand. And there is also no such feeling that, how can one say that the skin… it does not feel as if the skin so tells me that there is touch. It just feels more like there is a gust of wind along the palm.

I. It makes good sense. Is there anything that you have experienced in the past that you would say was, did it look like this somehow?

R. Yes, it should probably be like running a pencil along, in such strokes across the palm. Not, that is, if you do it with a pencil, then it feels more like such a sharp object, but more like that there feeling of having strokes along the palm. Yes, that I think is my best description. This was not uncomfortable either. It just feels more like that, so each line was like a new line, so it feels like there was such a stop, so it also feels a little bit like there was such a puff up, or like it dotted a little bit too. So each line was a new breath. Yes. So it also tingled a bit in such a hand. Yes, I do not know if…

I. I think it makes good sense. If you were to describe it to someone else who has not tried the device before, would you also use your pencil analogy?

R. I would say "narrow gusts of wind that go across the surface in a random pattern that feels like streaks". And if they do not understand what I mean by strokes, then I can say "a bit like a pencil, but not like a pencil".

I. Yes.

R. Yes, so it's more, the pencil analogy is more to describe how the lines are in this regard, than it is that it feels like a pencil.

I. It makes sense.

R. Yes.

I. Cool. Are there any other things you think are relevant to say to this stimulus?

R. Yes, I think a little, so there were those lines, but I also think there was such a general breath. Well, so not only does it feel like there were streaks, it also feels like every time it started on a new one, there was just such a breath that hit the whole palm. And I do not know if it's just is, every time it starts, that then comes such a general feeling, but I think it seemed as if there was such a thing that you could feel the line, but then there was such an area around the line where one could feel a little. Yes.

I. Yes. It can be nice. I think that is completely fair. Cool. What makes us try one stimulus more?

R. Yes, for my sake like, yes.
