I. So what, what do you think, how would you describe what you just felt now?

R. So, it was very much like that just in the middle of the hand and all the way out to, well, similarly, what is it called, middle finger . I do not know, so it just feels like such a light breath, or I do not know, it is like that, yes.

I. Is there anything you've experienced before that reminds you of this, this feeling?

R. So not on my hand. So it may well be like that there breathing, but it is also because I think such that the straight stream there is reminiscent of a little such a backrest massage almost. So like the one who drives like that.

I. Yes. So…

R. But otherwise not, I think.

I. So a massage somehow?

R. Yes, on someone, because it's like that… It was actually very reassuring, I think.

I. Why do you think it is the massage that like…

R. That I'm going to think about it?

I. Yes?

R. I also think, for me, it's also because it kind of really feels almost a bit like a pressure. And it reminds me a bit when you massage, then you can well [indistinct, 01:36] tensions have to go out somehow. Yes.

I. So is it when you say pressure, is it then because it is yourself who is giving the pressure, or is it because you are being pressured? So, is it you who gives the massage, or is it?

R. No, that is, another. It's not something, or yes, I could of course do it myself, but yes. But it does not feel like it was something you did yourself. Or such. I think well, you could feel it coming from the outside somehow, yes.

I. And if now you were going to describe it to some others who had not tried this before?

R. Then I would kind of describe it as a light breath, somehow. In such a straight line.

I. A little breath in… yes. This breath, where… is it strong, or is it weak?

R. No, I think it seems so reasonably weak. I can just feel it a little, yes.

I. And now you felt it three times in a row. Is there a difference between the first time you felt it and the last time you felt it? Such in relation to your massage image for example, or?

R. No, not really. I just think I became more and more aware that it just went like that, that is, somehow in the same direction and continuously, or like that, yes. I became more aware of such movement somehow.

I. Okay, so it…

R. Yes, maybe it felt a little stronger almost, I do not know, like the third time, so without it it really was. I think more because, yes one became more aware of it, then it seemed like that a little bit more powerful somehow.

I. It makes good sense. Cool. I think that…

R. Am I going to wear them here again?

I. Yes. Shall we try one more?
