I. What do you think?

R. It reminds me a lot of such a heart beating, I think. I think so, at least that's what happened again or so right away. Or no, I think, first I could not just figure out what it reminded me of, and then the second time, I was like “duk duk cloth cloth cloth duk ”that it was such a sound, somehow.

I. So it's very much the heartbeat and sound of a heartbeat that reminds you?

R. Yes, I think so. I do not know why, so I just think it was like that, I do not because it was like that, what do you say the movement came like that somehow in those thumps?

I. So it's about in the same rhythm as you would imagine…

R. Yes, I think so. Yeah Al that sounds pretty crap to me, Looks like BT aint for me either.

I. And how, then, what words do you want to put on this stimulus in general? Is that so…?

R. I think it was so reassuring. So just, I do not know if it is the same, that is, if you hold on to such a heart that beats, there is such a thing as soothing over it in some way. Also because it's such a same rhythm, and you can kind of recognize it, or you can figure it out. In other words, the one that was last time, you could not calculate it that way, I think, in the same way.

I. So it's a little easier to understand maybe, somehow, or?

R. Yes.

I. Okay. And this soothing element, it says you are, because it reminded you of the heartbeat?

R. Yes.

I. Cool. If you had to describe it to someone else, you would also use it here…

R. Heartbeat? Yes I think so. Yes, I would.

I. Would you say that there was a difference in palpitations and…

R. Yes. Or like that, so here you can also more like actually feel something happening at your hand, ik ', or like that, one's heart it's just inside, but, yes. And then I do not know, then it was a little more, as if it moved like that somehow, I do not know if it did, but it felt as if it went so a little more forward, or like that on one or otherwise, the feeling, yes.

I. And it, that is, go forward, it is such…

R. On hand. That is, so that it moved a little. So it was not like that, I think it was number two, where it just ticked one place. So you could feel that some kind of jerk was happening, it seemed.

I. So it jerked, was it within the same round of stimuli, or was it something like that evolving over?

R. So it felt like the same round of stimuli. Well, it felt that way, yes.

I. That's fine.

R. So as if it slipped a little at hand like that, it feels very little like.

I. And that says you are very different than, or something different at least than the number two you felt?

R. Number two, yes. Yes, also because this one just came in like that there dunk, like the bank, yes.

I. Cool. Is there anything else you think needs to be said?

R. I do not think so.

I. Cool. Then we can just try one last.

R. Yes.
