R. So, I do not know if I associate it with strange things, but it just really reminded me of such giving so word-of-mouth, almost. For it was very such short such breath.

I. Why do you think it's word of mouth that pops up in…

R. I think it is because it reminds me then that there is someone breathing on my hand. The feeling it gives. And then I also think just because it was very fast, so like that. I think it's like it was before, so if they's faster and more intense, it's more powerful, I think.

I. So it's this breath that reminds you of word-of-mouth. Why is it, well, it's like, well, it was like a stimulus on your hand.

R. Yes.

I. Why is it that it reminds you of word-of-mouth?

R. Well, I do not know either.

I. It's just fine too.

R. I just think it's because I think it's that way, it feels like someone's breathing like that with all their might into my hand. So it's like that, yes.

I. So it's a bit of a stronger breath?

R. Yes. At least I think so, it feels like.

I. And how would you describe it to someone who has not tried this before?

R. I also think, such that there is someone who breathes with all their might, that is, such as in shock on the hand, right ? I also think that's what makes it different from a feeling of, for example, a strong wind or a wind, that is, the fact that it is just in shock, that is, it is not because it keeps going.

I. Yes. And would you say that it, that is, in relation to the one you have just tried just before, what is the difference to it for example?

R. I do not know if it was just me, but it felt like it was going faster. And it also felt as if it was more like that isolated in a smaller place. So where the other, where it felt as if it moved a little more and was a little more calming, then I think this one was a little more like that yes, so intense. That is, as if they were breathing harder, or they, that is, the machine was breathing harder.

I. Is there, well okay that I have asked about… Are there any other things you think need to be said about just exactly this stimulus?

R. I do not think so, no.

I. Okay. Have you thought of any other things you would like to say, such as all these five stimuli you have now tried?

R. I do not think so. So nothing in terms of the emotions, it's more just that it was fun that it can make it breathe, or something like that, it just really felt like it was breathing on one. Yes.

I. Cool. But then, if you have nothing more to say, then I will turn off the microphone.

R. Yes.
