R. Yes, it was much weaker, I think it seemed like. Or so weaker…

I. Weaker than the first?

R. Yes. Also because it was just such a dot, i.e. one movement. So it was very much as if someone was blowing one in the hand. Yes.

I. And that, that is, so that it feels as if someone is breathing into your hand?

R. Yes.

I. Is there anything else you want to associate with this one?

R. No, I do not think so. So it just seemed like that, but it was also maybe just what it does in general, you so it just seems as if you are holding on to something light, that kind of vibrates almost or something, yes.

I. Why, so now it seems a bit like it's hard to put into words what you kind of associate it with. Why do you think it's hard to find something reminiscent of it?

R. I do not know, I think it has something to do with the fact that it is not so often that you get something, such a feeling that way on your hand, or such, so it is like that… So it works a bit like, that is, if a gust of wind is isolated on a small piece of one's body, or what to say, because I think it's a bit what I associate it with, that one can somehow feel something, but it's just because it's in a small place, and so specifically somewhere.

I. So it's a lot that it's kind of focused in some way that it seems unfamiliar?

R. Yes, I think so. Also because it, or something like that, the movement is different, ik ', so now it's just one dot somewhere, yes. But this was real, it just seemed like someone was blowing on one, I think.

I. Would you also, so if you were to describe it to someone other than me, would you also use this breathing analogy?

R. Puste? Yes I think so. At least that was what I was thinking.

I. Yes.

R. It was that someone was breathing on me.

I. Yes. And again to get a little closer to how the development has been in it. Did it feel so different from the first time to the last time you felt it?

R. I think it worked longer and longer. I do not know, but I think maybe it was just because it was so much, well, just in one place. So I just think it seemed like that the third time two long time, or something. I think it's because I was waiting a bit for something else to happen too. Yes.

I. You were waiting for something else to happen - would you say it was boring in some way, or something?

R. What I do not know, it also depends on what it should be able to, or what it should say. But then yes, it's not, because, it just felt like someone was breathing and tingling on one's hand, so it's like that…

I. Okay. I do not know, is there anything else you think needs to be said about this?

R. I do not think so.

I. Cool. So should we not try one now?

R. Yes.
