R. It was fun.

I. In what connection fun?

R. I do not know, I think it reminded me just seemed a little like, a smoke machine somehow, like " twenty , twenty , twenty ", or something like that. I do not know, those who are like that under pool, do you know them? Where as such, I do not know if they clean the pool? But where such air comes out somehow in such hard pressure. Yes.

I. So a… Yes, a smoke machine and some, maybe a jacuzzi somehow?

R. Yes, exactly, jacuzzi, yes. So because it was as if the pressure also came in different directions, you could not quite figure out where it came from.

I. The pressure comes in different directions, such as in relation to?

R. On hand, yes. So that's the surface, so it was not like before, where it was isolated somewhere, but that it pricked many different places. It was also what somehow made the three seem more different, I think, because that, I do not know if such my finger came to move a little at the third time or something, and so came through the air like that, then the three of them feel different, somehow. Where the others were more like that, you could feel it was the same.

I. So there's a bit of an element of randomness in it somehow?

R. Yes, at least it seemed that way. It also just seemed like they were breathing randomly.

I. If you were to describe it to some others who had not tried it before, what would you say to those around this stimulus?

R. Well then I think I would yes, say such a little jacuzzi-like or such a smoke machine somehow like that in shock, like that…

I. And why is it that this smoke machine is coming…

R. I do not know either. I just think it's because it kind of turns on and off with such a force somehow, and it worked a little bit like that in the same way, I think. Yes.

I. Do you want to… now you say force, for example. Would you say that it was more powerful than the others, or?

R. I think it worked that way because it was shorter. So it's like that, yes. I also just think I became more aware that it was like that something happened, because that way it kept coming back and forth, that is, where the other one just kept going, then I kind of forgot that it happened, or what one must say, yes.

I. And your picture of the smoke machine, is that something that came up the first time you felt it, or?

R. Yes, that was actually the first thing I thought of. And then afterwards I came to think of the pool and that power. I also think it was because then I also think like that, that thing with it dots, so kind of a little light-like , and then like that, it was a mix of a lot of things, fast, yeah. It seemed a bit like that.

I. And if you, that is, this jacuzzi and, what would you say was the difference between the feeling you get from a jacuzzi and this one?

R. So a jacuzzi is of course stronger. Yes, with a jacuzzi, you also have several at once, ik ', so here you only have one that changes in one way or another. Yes.

I. So it's a little weaker, this one?

R. Yes.
